im a more happier person after discovering the i/p button ! 
but , if you 're looking for my opinion of the apex dvd player , i love it ! 
it practically plays almost everything you give it . 
for the price it is a well spent investment ! 
this is by far the nicest one , in so many ways . 
it 's very sleek looking with a very good front panel button layout , and it has a great feature set . 
its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those of other models i 've had . 
it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ? 
what got me to buy was the reviewer that said it would play dvd-rs fill of files ( e. , mp3s ) . 
it sure does ! 
that 's a rare and valuable feature . 
another nice thing is that the unit has both optical and coax digital audio outputs , though the latter was not mentioned in the literature i 'd scanned before buying . 
at double-speed ( 2x forward speed ) , it still plays mp3s with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as fast ! 
update : the finish is more " mirror " than silver -- and i like it ! 
player works and looks great - if you can get the dvd 's to play . 
for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised . 
i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at christmas because it got good reviews as a good value for the money on a variety of different sites . 
i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him . 
have used it frequently and have had no problems . 
i liked this one enough to buy another . 
my dad also has an apex tv and it was another great value for the money . 
great quality picture and features . 
it looks great - and is loaded with features . 
the apex 2600 has been a steady performer for me . 
i bought mine in december of 2003 , and have had no real problems with it . 
( he had owned two apex dvd players , and was pleased with both of them . ) 
the fact that this model would play jpeg slideshows was a big plus for me as a visual artist , and i discovered by accident ( it is not mentioned anywhere in the literature ) that it will play mpeg1 files on a regular cd-r data disk without vcd formatting . 
while i would like to give it 3.5 stars instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because it has run well for me during the time i have owned it . 
nothing has broken on it , and it plays all the dvds i have . 
we tried it out christmas night and it worked great . 
even viewed cds full of jpgs . 
well , it was nice while it lasted . 
this dvd player plays raw mpeg2 and mpeg1 videos , jpeg , wma , cdr / cdrw / dvdr / dvdrw , and of course plays dvd movies from uk. i love the aiff , progressive scan feature . 
because of it 's hidden features ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i keep this baby around to watch non-american region dvd 's . 
the cool thing about the ad-2600 it plays alot of different file like mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak picture cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's . 
it 's not a listed feature but , the one thing that sold the unit is that it plays mpeg video . 
i find this to be a great feature . 
i 've tried playing all of these discs and they all play great . 
for the money apex machines have good features . 
it 's low profile , space saving design looks nice . 
i find the apex ad-2600 to be a great buy . 
i was surprised to find that not only could this dvd player play mpeg2 format which allowed me to stack 2 movies on a dvd , but it also was able to play vob files which i created with smart ripper . 
the aff feature did a great job converting the letterbox to fill 3/4 of the screen and the image still looked normal . 
loved the slim design . 
audio is excellent . 
i am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it plays just about anything you put in the drawer . 
but , it seems to work so well now , that i do n't anticipate any problems with it . 
simple to use and hook up . 
the progressive scan option can be turned off easily by a button on the remote control which is one of the simplest and easiest remote controls i have ever seen or used . 
this is the best dvd player i 've purchased . 
this player has worked flawlessly for me and at this price , you can 't go wrong . 
well , this apex dvd player turned out great ! 
it plays basically every media i 've tested so far , even an old vcd that i ripped years ago and the rental dvd that could n't be played on my old $ 200 sharp player ! 
i have to say i 'm also pretty impressed by the user interface for playing jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files stored on cd-rs / dvds . 
i did not want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price but it is definitely working out much better than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player . 
and the slim form-factor together with the mirror-like front panel sure makes the player look cool and pricey ! 
finally , amazon 's free shipping is really getting good , it took only 3 working days for the player to reach me ! 
for the most part this is a good dvd player . 
we are overall pleased with product . 
progressive scan player for a relatively low price ( although the better known manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are now offering lower-priced progressive scan players as well ) . 
seems to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) . 
also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) . 
output through component connections looks very good , on my non-hd tv . 
i checked out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine worked , works , fine right out of the box . 
i like the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
looks ok - very shiny chrome and mirrors . 
this thing plays everything i feed it . 
when i 1st tried it i found that it had no problem playing the more expensive dvd - r media disc 's that other players would play but to my surprise was able to play cheep media that i had burned that i could n't get to work before in anything but the dvd burner itself that i had made the disc with . 
easy to use , small form factor , and looks good to boot . 
it does n't smell like burning plastic when you open the drive . 
without a doubt the finest looking apex dvd player that i 've seen . 
excellent picture quality - on par with my pioneer , panasonic , and jvc players . 
remote : you can stand it on end ( harder to lose ) , and it 's far better designed than the 1100s . 
unlike some of the other people who received a " lemon " , my dvd player came in perfect working condition . 
as a whole , the dvd player has a sleek design and works fine . 
this player seems to work fine with everything else . 
it 's running great for all the dvds i have and rented . 
run[+3], dvd media[+2]#apex ad-2600 runs all the dvd media including dvd + r/rw and dvd-r / rw ( unlike sony or panasonic - one supports only + r/rw and another supports - r/rw ) . 
i think , apex is the best dvd player you can get for the price . 
most of them are already switched to apex and they are happy . 
this has so many capabilities that you 'll always have room for new technologies as they evolve . 
i use this with a home theater system and it 's amazing how it sounds , the picture clarity is unmatched ! 
so much packed in a small case and very affordable ! 
it 's a compact , attractive machine and was easy to set up . 
basic usage is easy , but the remote has a lot of buttons that i have n't used . 
so far , we 've only used this player a few times to watch movies and it has worked fine . 
the picture is clear , bright and sharp and the sound is good . 
it works well enough ( so far ) for me to be satisfied with it , and it 's possible that i 'm missing something . 
i 'm giving this player cautious recommendation . 
there are a lot of things i like about it . 
received apex dvd and the picture was great when set up with s connector . 
so far the dvd works so i hope it does n't break down like the reviews i 've read . 
amazon was wonderful about picking it up the next day and paying for the return shipping . 
retraction : said mine had silver plate : it does have display . 
it works great . 
the unit seems to play all formats that i have put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews and some good and soom not so good , but my feeling at this time is " two thumbs up " ! 
it seems to be working fine , but we 've not used it all that much . 
the player looked good right out of the box , offering lots of features and good styling . 
amazon is awaesome ! 
for the price , it 's a very nice dvd player . 
it does play a wide range of formats as advertised which is very nice . 
and so far have not had any problems with dvds not being able to play . 
i only wanted something to play dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never use but it 's nice to know that there 're there . 
the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand . 
i 've had no problems at all so far and i 'm very happy . 
besides the one problem , this machine is amazing ! 
it plays everything , even vcd 's . 
i will never use all the " whistles and bells " this machine is capable of . 
but for what i do use it is perfect . 
owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide . 
the dvd player is fine . 
of course , i was hesitant given the price , but i 've been extremely impressed since receiving it , and bought a second one as a christmas present for my parents . 
the picture is perfect , although i 'm not watching on an hdtv . 
but , dollar for dollar , this dvd player is probably the best out there . 
the player does seem to play dvds adequately enough . 
there were a few attractive features , such as the small size and the layout of the remote . 
i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player that had more than the standard set of features and this item seemed to be the best in that category . 
i just hooked it up and everything seemed to be going fine . 
still , i was willing to overlook those things as this unit looks sleek and has a myriad of features ! 
this is probably one of the few dvd players at $ 40 that can play almost everything you throw at it . 
ability to play most discs - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio cd and it played all 
good looks 
this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player . 
i brought it for my sister in college and she loves it ! 
apex is the best cheap quality brand for dvd players . 
also , very light and portable . 
it will read and play all cd audio disc . 
i have shopped with amazon before and have been very happy with their performance thus far . 
it plays original dvds and cds and plays mp3s and jpegs . 
also , it was only $ 39.99 ( after rebate ) with free shipping and no tax so overall it is a decent player . 
good quality video . 
it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine . 
mixed bag i guess but the price was right . 
this is the third apex product i 've bought and they continue to impress for the price . 
the build quality feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) . 
it looks really sleek and stylish , and does everything it claims . 
i tried as bunch of different formats to see if it would play and it did . 
i am very pleased with this product and the price to match and have n't had any problems . 
there are really easy directions for setup and fiddling around with the picture , zoom etc . 
so sit back , relax and brag to all your friends who paid a mountain of money for a dvd player that can 't do half the things this one can , and for a fraction of the price ! 
noiseless , lightweight and oh yeah . 
works great ! 
silverish color really adds a special touch . 
it plays just about any format ( check before you buy if it plays yours . ) 
either way , can 't go wrong with this price . 
i am really impressed by this dvd player . 
for instance , i made several back-ups of my dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( w ) and it plays the dvds . 
no matter the format . 
i recently purchased the canon powershot g3 and am extremely satisfied with the purchase . 
the camera is very easy to use , in fact on a recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group . 
they fired away and the picture turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my pictures have thusfar ) . 
a few of my work constituants owned the g2 and highly recommended the canon for picture quality . 
i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
bottom line , well made camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features to include the ability to use external flash and lense / filters choices . 
i 'd highly recommend this camera for anyone who is looking for excellent quality pictures and a combination of ease of use and the flexibility to get advanced with many options to adjust if you like . 
this is my first digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it is ! 
just a little overview , powershot g3 is the flagship of canon 's powershot series and its an slr-like camera , its 4 megapixel and ( alsmost ) full manual control gives the pictures a touch of brilliance . 
whether you are a novice or an expert , its ease of use and functionality goes together . 
overall i 'm happy with my toy . 
in a word , " awesome " is how i would describe this camera . 
i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers . 
with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture yet . 
i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 . 
i bought my canon g3 about a month ago and i have to say i am very satisfied . 
i have taken hundreds of photos with it and i continue to be amazed by their quality . 
the g3 is loaded with many useful features , and unlike many smaller digital cameras , it is easy to hold steady when using slower shutter speeds . 
despite this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about digital photography . 
i have only had this camera for one full day and i have to say that it is wonderful . 
the photo quality is amazing and i know i 'm going to have fun with all the features . 
1 ) slr like programming and exposure control gives you latitude to be creative , yet its progam and auto exposure settings provide excellent photos if you do n't want to bother with the settings . 
excellent range of metering options as well . 
it 's great to switch to spot metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen . 
2 ) 4mp is about right for the target market of this camera ( semi-serious amateur photographer ) 
3 ) 4x zoom is nice 
5 ) its focusing system is also very flexible . 
you can move the focus range to almost anywhere in the scene with the push of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene that is tough to automatically focus . 
the camera has a wonderful set of features . 
the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures . 
the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry . 
the highest optical zoom pictures are perfect . 
i have not yet seen any of the usual problems with digital pictures ( purple fringing , etc ) so i am very pleased . 
the canon computer software used to download , sort , upload and manage your digital pictures on the computer is very nice and very easy to use . 
the menus are easy to navigate and the buttons are easy to use . 
it is a fantastic camera and well worth the price . 
recent price drops have made the g3 the best bargain in digital cameras currently available . 
advanced photobugs will find more creative control than imaginable . 
newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of the box . 
4 megapixels is enough for anybody and the photo quality is awesome . 
those used to 35mm cameras will find the g3 very comfortable and friendly to use . 
the extended zoom range and faster lense put it at the top of it 's class . 
i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no better camera out there - period ! 
it gives great pictures , the controls are easy to use , the battery lasts forever on one single charge , the software is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing . 
i began taking pics as soon as i got this camera and am amazed at the quality of photos i have took simply by using the auto mode . 
this camera has canon 's great colorimetry , plus what you see in the lcd is what you get . 
the prints are beautiful ! 
although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they last a really long time , recharge fairly quickly in the camera , plus if you want ' more power ' , you can even find a knockoff charger and spare batteries right here on amazon . 
this is a great camera for you ! 
the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use . 
i love having the option to manually control the f-stop , shutter speed and even focus . 
i was able to take great photos of the 4th of july fire works , and got some amazing shots of the kids playing with sparklers . 
but if you 've used a slr 35mm camera , the controls are very intuitive ! 
with a quick spin of the dial you can select shutter priority ( for high speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or full program mode where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality . 
the manual mode is easy to use with fast access for the selection of shutter speed and aperture without having to fumble through menu options . 
this camera also has a great feel and weight to it . 
you feel like you are holding something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy . 
the more i work with it , the more i love it ! 
i did n't think i would find this quality and ease of use for under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my purchase ! 
this is my first digital camera , and i am very pleased with it . 
seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could want . 
but at the same time , it takes wonderful pictures very easily in " auto " mode , so that even an average joe like me can use it ! 
four megapixels is great . 
it is a very amazing product . 
i highly recommend it . 
just received this camera two days ago and already love the features it has . 
takes excellent photos . 
night mode is clear as day . 
i have not played with all the features yet , but the camera is easy to use once you get used to it . 
overall it is the best camera on the market . 
a ) the picture quality ( color and sharpness of focusing ) are so great , it completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one grain at a time : - ) ) 
i love this camera . 
took hundreds of pictures and they were great . 
great colors , pictures and white balance . 
has 4x optical zoom which is higher than any other in the same price range . 
when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
the camera was a marvel . 
it is versatile and seems to be one of the best . 
i chose the g3 because of its reputation for very high quality , clean images . 
what makes the focus-lock lag time something i can live with is the extreme depth of field obtainable with these point and shoot digicams at f8 . 
fortunately , the g3 has a hot shoe that can take an external flash , and fortunately for me , i already owned a one of the highest quality external flashes that money can buy : the metz 60 ct-4 . 
contrary to what ive read elsewhere , the g3 does sync at 1/250 of a second with third-party flashes , just as it does with the dedicated flashes from canon . 
what this plug-in reveals is the truly stunning quality of the raw g3 hardware . 
without any tweaking at all , if the exposure is accurate , the colors are as realistic as ive ever seen produced by film , and this is a raw image ! 
but at least youre starting with the most photorealistic images ive ever seen from a camera . 
i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better within its resolution limits . 
i 've had this for 3 months now , and i am pleased with my decision . 
this is the perfect camera for a photo hobbiest who wants to have easy point and shoot ability as well . 
battery life , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote k. reeves . 
manual functionality is excellent , downloading pictures is quick and a breeze , and the quality is astounding . 
the service from the supplier was exceptional . 
having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos . 
by cocking the shutter to the halfway position and getting the settings ready to shoot , i was able to produce excellent stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced . 
the camera is a dream to operate in automode , but also gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes . 
i can 't write enough positive things about this great little camera ! 
but canon never fails to amaze . 
1 . the ability to selectively switch to raw format during record review gives you incredible more post-processing flexibility . 
2 . battery life is over 4.5 hours , compared to about 2.5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikons . 
3 . the remote capture and fileviewer software bundled for photo capture is mind-blowing . 
4 . the shape of this device is a little squarer , without losing the weight which means better balance and less shaking while clicking . 
the light auto-correction is awesome . 
you could take a picture of a stone glinting in the sun and still avoid the shining glaze and get the contours right . 
8 . perhaps inspired by the canon 's factory white-correction settings ( which were found lacking and had to be altered by a user before the white edges from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the g3 has much sharper white offsets . 
overall , the g3 delivers what must be considered the best image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and color response point of view . 
this is quite simply the best you can ask for . 
4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , easy to understand and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a lot of features and add-on options , comes with great software ( not to be overlooked ) , and last but by far not least , received my fiance 's stamp of approval ( two thumbs up ! ) 
the powershot g3 is a great camera . 
because it can help a so-so photographer take spectacular photos ! 
4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and you will not be disappointed with the results of this camera . 
it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with even more features . 
this is my first digital camera and i could n't be happier . 
i love the quality of the pictures . 
they look fantastic . 
the canon g3 is perhaps the best 4mp camera out there . 
with canon , you get pictures that appear to be photos , not still camcorder shots . 
i love the eos based controls and easy menus . 
i bought it for my trip to beunos aires , and also used it at the iguazu falls , and could not have asked for more perfect performance ! 
this camera is worth every penny , and i highly recommend it ! 
another point of note : the battery life is incredible ! 
am i ever glad that i decided on this camera ! 
i 've only had it a week , but so far , everything about this camera is making me happy . 
very intuitive menus are a big plus on this camera . 
the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging . 
the optical zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder reflects the settings of the zoom . 
the best 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom camera available and fairly easy to use . 
because this camera is beautiful . 
the g3 looks like a work of art ! 
its silver magnesium finish is stunning , and the sharp lines and excellent grip are better than any other camera i 've seen . 
i am very pleased with it so far . 
it is very simple to import via iphoto 2 and then move them to photoshop . 
i am quite happy with the camera . 
it comes with a clearly written manual and the learning curve is not too too steep . 
yes , i recommend it over the competition . 
best camera ever . from the image quality , color , function , i can say almost everything . 
this camera has a cool stitch pictures feature , to find out more just log on to canon 's website . 
first and foremost , it will take better pic 's than most film camera 's . 
this camera has none of these flaws and will be something you 'll use all the time . 
however , for a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , i think this camera is an excellent choice . 
it has a beautiful design , lots of features , very easy to use , very configurable and customizable , and the battery duration is amazing ! 
also , the display is " hinged " and it can be placed in a myriad of positions , or to protect it against any damage . 
another good thing is that this camera seems to introduce much less noise in dark places than others i 've seen . 
i have owned this camera for a short time and would n't give it up for anything . 
it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
in general it is easy to use and well laid out . 
it makes up for this by being extremely easy to use with well laid out controls that can be learned quickly . 
the g3 has most if not all of the features that you would want from a semi-pro / pro slr with a good range of manual options for those who know something about photography . 
in the hands of someone who does n't , it will yield good results on idiot program / auto mode . 
the functionality on this camera is mind-blowing . 
canon have packed a lot in here and the options and controls are easy to use and logically laid out . 
learning how to use it will not take very long . 
the image quality is excellent . 
range of functions - as indicated above - it has something for everyone : point and shoot power plus advanced functions for those who are serious about photography . 
this is by far the finest camera in its price and category i have ever used . 
the macro works great for medical photographs and the auto mode is terrific for point and shoot . 
this camera is closest to perfect than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel . 
i 'm glad canon decided to keep the 4mp resolution and improved upon it with new technology ; 
in terms of the shots taken , this camera is insanely great ! 
the pictures are fabulous and their is a ( short ) learning curve to it ; there are tons of features i have n't even gotten to . 
i 've been pleased with the picture quality and durability in snow , car , boat and wind . 
the camera 's a work of art / science -- that 's understood . 
it takes great pictures , operates quickly , and feels solid . 
everything else about the camera is great . 
if you strictly use the lcd and not the view finder , i highly recommend the camera . 
and so far , i 've been very pleased . 
the larger lens of the g3 gives better picture quality in low light , and the 4-times optical zooms gets you just that much closer . 
the moveable lcd screen is great . 
the tiny ( postage-stamp sized ) remote unit is wonderful : not only does it trigger the shutter , it can also be used to zoom and review pictures . 
the hot shoe flash attachment allowed me to buy and use a sophisticated flash unit : 
i needed three batteries to keep myself going with the s330 , but the battery in the g3 is a real powerhouse : 
the g3 has a different type of battery charging system from the smaller canon cameras : the battery needs to be charged while in the camera , but the charging system also enables you to use the camera while plugged in without running down the battery . 
i have yet to try using all of the adjustment options : shutter priority , aperature priority , light metering adjustments , etc. , but all controls are well thought out and and the manual is relatively clear . 
i was worried that 4 megapixel photos would download more slowly , but there 's no difference in working with the files . 
i 've now had the camera for two months and i 'm even more pleased with it . 
very comfortable camera , easy to use , and the best digital photos you 're going to get at this price . 
i 've been using the g3 for about six weeks and it has proven itself to be all that it 's advertised . 
all-in-all , i believe this is arguably the best non-slr digital camera on the market . 
canon 's optics are better and i believe their processing algorithms are also better . 
simply , the canon g3 is the best digital camera out there today at this price point . 
the battery life of this camera is twice that of the nikon 5000 and is better than anything else i 've seen . 
even with these shortcomings , i still think it is the best digital camera available under $ 1200 . 
definetely a great camera . 
proven canon built quality and lens . 
feels solid in hand . 
while , there are flaws with the machine , the xtra gets five stars because of its affordability . 
it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there . 
like it 's predecessor , the quickly revised nx , this player boasts a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorizes based on id3 tags , and excellent sound ( widely known to be better than ipod - not surprising considering the number of years creative has been in the audio peripheral business ) . 
the xtra improves upon the zen nx with a larger , now-blue backlit screen , which is infinitely better . 
i chose this one because from what i read , it was the best deal for the money . 
another reason i got it is because you can put wma files on it . 
the software is great . 
transfering is easy , the software makes everythig pretty easy . 
even the battery life is great - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but still good . 
they player 's interface itself is also very easy to use . 
get it , it 's woth every penny ! ! 
i 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it . 
software is easy to use ( although redhat software is better , but costs money ) 
much cheaper than i-pod good looking player ( beautiful blue back-lit screen ) if you 've read about the player , some have complained about the lack of a viewing hole for the face when the case is on , but this is good because the face does n't get damaged / scratched fast transfer rate 
the zen xtra sounds great with good headphone and well recored mp3s . 
at 8 ounces it is pretty light but not as light as the ipod . 
the battery is replaceable ( a real plus ) and there is a leather case ( another real plus ) . 
so far the software for the pc works easily . 
by the way , it looks nice also . 
it 's worth it . 
my two main requirements were longer battery life and lower price : i found both . 
the controls are on the side instead of on the front , which i like , because that 's where my thumb is when i hold the thing ! 
the scroll wheel is a big improvement over the ipod touchpad . 
the included leather pouch is a big plus : it actually protects the unit well , something a lot of ' carrying cases ' fail to do with other audio devices . 
other plusses : changable battery , loads of presets for environments , decent construction , still quite small and light despite being slightly bigger than an ipod . 
overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
( batteries last longer too ! ) 
the creative labs zen xtra has all the features the i-pod has and if you get if from amazon your only going to pay $ 300 for this great player . 
i 've had it for about 2 weeks and it 's the best player i 've seen , and used , ever . 
the music is easy to get to ( all of the menus are easy to understand despite what alot of i-pod owners say ) and if you know how to search for an artist by name online , then you can do the same with the zen . 
the screen is very easy to read and the blue light is bright enough to read at night , but dim enough so it does n't blind you when you stare too long . 
all in all this a great player that blows the i-pod away , with easy to use and understand features , software that is simple to understand and use , and a great sound ( which is all that matters in a mp3 player ) . 
it 's a very intuitive program . 
i had no problems following their installation instructions . 
the menus are very easy to navigate . 
the other controls are all very easy to use . 
it has several play options , one of the best is an option to shuffle , based on all or a certain playlist . 
it also costs a lot less than the ipod . 
the earbuds that come with it are n't that bad . 
they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality . 
this is a good deal for music and data storage . 
on the positive side , the sound of the player is pretty good , once you have everything configured . 
i have n't had time to really push this player to the limit , but audio aspects on the nomad are satisfactory , as should be expected from creative labs . 
when it came down to it , the price on this player is hard to beat . 
other than that this thing is great ... 
zennx 's replaceable battery was the deciding factor in my purchase of zennx over ipod . 
the zennx will keep running for the price of a replacement battery , just like any other battery-powered appliance . 
i love my new nomad , its great ! 
for some this might be a problem , but for the price of a 30 gig ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pales in comparison . 
the software is very easy to use , and within 30 minutes of opening my box , i was out and about listening to any one of my 80 cds . 
the free ( i didnt know they still did that ) carrying case is really protective , and to me its the only accessory you need ( except good headphones ) . 
but if you want a great deal and a great mp3 player , get the nomad . 
best electronic i 've bought since i was born . 
so easy to set up , had some problems with my archos . 
just easily drag and drop files into the nomad explorer and from there you easily alter id tags and sort your music according to your liking , by artist , song title , genre , etc. 
not only is it functional and runs super smooth & fast , but it is also eye candy . 
very sleek & stylish as well as the screen options and visuals it has . 
the leather case it comes with is pretty nice , similar to a pda style case and does hold and protect it perfectly . 
all the buttons & neccessary lil ' gadgets are on the sides of the player which is nice for when you are holding it in the palm of your hand . 
the sound quality is also nice ... after i hooked up my sony headphones instead of those factory earbuds it comes with . 
lots of sound options , has an equalizer almost like winamp with the options . 
navigation is so smooth and finding files is a cinch . 
also navigating while playing music is a plus unlike my previous player . 
oh , and the screen saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^ 
another plus in my book , no file limits ! 
i have over 2000 files in my playlist at the moment and the random does a nice job mixing it up . 
i am quite happy having over 10 gigs of music stored on this baby as well as a few gigs of media files in the data folder . 
i really have no complaints over this unit . 
i really do recommend this to anyone in need of a new player . 
i have no complaints with this mp3 player . 
getting files onto it is quick and painless . 
then sorting the files is easy as pie . 
and it holds sooooo much music and audio files . 
my music demands are pretty intense and this handles those demands without problems . 
the battery is nice . 
the lcd screen was very large and readable . 
compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the best bang for the buck . 
i gave the zen 5 stars because it 's excellent for the class that it is in and it 's not really appropriate to rate it based on players in a different class . 
sound quality was the same between the two , but the zen did have more sound adjustments with the normal eax features . 
i love this player . 
i love this player and would probably go with creative labs again . 
the software was great , as long as you have an adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) . 
anyway , this player is a great deal and i really love it . 
way less expensive than the ipod . 
i find it pretty easy to use ... and unlike the remote interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the pc ) .. . 
not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless . 
bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent . 
i still have over 19gb left , and already have over 200 cd 's on it . 
both are very easy to learn & use , and intuitive enough for even a novice . 
ripping & transferring tunes is basic , and pretty fast ( even on a 1.1 usb ) . 
people also have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not really a big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection . 
it 's easy enough to pop it open to see what song you 're listening to . 
the sound quality is excellent ( and i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit looks cool , screen is bright and easy to read , and the replaceable battery means a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) . 
you of course have some good customization options with the unit as well ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) . 
all other buttons are pretty sensitive to touch and work well . 
but i 've already emailed creative tech support about it , and gotten timely responses - they will fix it for me if necessary .. . 
it still fits in the palm of your hand , and it 's not heavy . 
bottom line ... great product , unbeatable price . 
i just received my 40gb zen xtra yesterday and i 'm extremely pleased with it . 
the setup and transfer process was cake for me . 
now that i have all my music on it there has n't been any more problems . 
the screen is large and bright and has all the info i need where i need it . 
the eax mode that keeps the volume at the same level for any song will come in handy when i take my holiday plane rides . 
all in all though i 'm very happy with my new mp3 player . 
i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! 
i found using the supplied mediasource software very easy . 
ripping your songs and creating playlists could n't be any easier . 
i found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer . 
being a creative product the playback quality is unbeatable . 
when i played back a symphony orchestra you would swear that you were seated dead center in front of the orchestra - it 's that good ! 
the sound quality with jazz and pop music is equally superior . 
actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
finding a particular song ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is fast and easy . 
the high resolution screen is easy to read and has a backlight . 
i can highly recommend this product because of its ease of use ( hardware and software ) , playback quality and value for the price . 
just bought one & i 've enjoyed it to date . 
nice palm sized unit , somewhat bigger then the ipod but not an issue if you 're not going to try & jog with it or something . 
all reviews i 've seen seem to indicate that the creative mp3 jukeboxes have the best sound quality of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) . 
the eax settings are somewhat superfluous but not really a negative . 
- great value 40gb vs 10 gb ipod for the price 
- best in class sound 
- large easy readable screen 
working for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! ! 
i love it ! ! 
i had no problems setting up the software and getting my favorite cd 's transferred . 
transfers are surprisingly quick through usb 2.0 . 
it is great sounding , even with the supplied earbuds . 
i must have differing preferences than others here , as i prefer the supplied earbuds to the sony 's that i thought sounded good on other players . 
i love the storage in this thing . 
despite the things that i have listed so far , i could live with this item since it saves me from lugging a cd case to work , to the gym , in the car , etc. . 
this is my second creative labs mp3 player , and it is definitely a fine product . 
first of all the player 's sound quality is superior to the ipod . 
the player 's software is very easy to use and very good . 
compared to musicmatch , the software has a better filing system and easier to use . 
to keep it short , this is cheaper , and in my opinion a better choice than an ipod . 
this thing seriously is a good player though . 
overall i like the unit . 
1 ) price / gb of storage 
2 ) storage capacity 
3 ) user replaceable battery 
overall i like it . 
the storage capacity is great . 
the price compared to the ipod is great . 
price , along with the replaceable battery ( which i understand apple charges a small fortune to replace - as well as the hassle of returning it ) were the two main factors on why i picked the nomad . 
i 've had no problems with the software . 
i found it intuitive to use ( i did n't read any documentation for it and was using it successfully within a few minutes ) . 
this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's early in the morning and you rather listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - no problem . 
the software comes with plenty of defaults genres . 
the sound from the player is ok . 
this thing is great , i like to use it to pick up tough stains on my countertop and also to listen to my old 8-track records . 
one good thing , it is 40 gb of disk space ( well , it is 38 gb in reality ) . 
for the price and features it is really good . 
the 30gb zen xtra rocks my socks , spills my beer , but does n't wash my car . 
longer battery life , greater accessibility to online music services , and pc compatibility are the sensibilities . 
i just purchased this player and i have to say that i love it . 
the sound is excellent , the battery life is excellent , the fact that the battery is replacable is excellent , and finally the price , $ 200 cheaper than the 40gb ipod , is excellent . 
the nomad is not ugly , it is not that big , it comfortably fits in my pocket , or heavy , and the controls are not hard to get used to . 
so far i have no complaints and i recommend this to anyone who wants quality over appearance , also anyone who wants a harddrive based mp3 player and wants to pay next to nothing . 
i just bought this player today and i already love it . 
otherwise , this player is awesome ! 
it has a clear blue light that allows you to see everything on the screen easily . 
the volume range is great , so you can blast it if you want . 
overall , this player is awesome and i definately recommend it . 
i received this item for christmas and it has met and exceeded all my standards . 
naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable . 
compared to other leading hdd mp3 players , the value per gb is the tops . 
- sound quality : excellent , everything you would expect from this company . 
- the unit is easy to use and intuitive . 
- uploading music is quick and easy . 
although the supplied software can be annoying at times , on whole it is excellent . 
- the unit itself its well structured , with just the buttons you need and none you do n't . 
as often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , however , not difficult to use or horrible . 
the screen is large , defined , and easy to read , and the silver unit is naturally cool . 
there are lots of interesting features included such as eax , and customization . 
- the replacable battery is great since once it eventually wears out ( as all lithium batteries do ) , you will be able to buy another easily . 
also , the nomad 's 14 hours of battery life versus 8 is handy . 
- equipment included is average , but that is n't a big deal since thats not what you are buying it for . 
the headphone earbuds are average , so just use your regular pair instead . 
this player is an ideal purchase . 
i have no problem using the player itself and i feel it is a very good player . 
i have the software working fine now and the mp3 player is fantastic . 
so once i worked out the problem with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost . 
i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a quick review . 
it is small overall , bigger than the ipod , but keep in mind that this is because different , less expensive but not necessarily inferior technology is used in the zx . 
the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , however it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so . 
the lcd is larger than the previous model , the nx , and has a bright blue backlight which illuminates the screen more successfully than the nx 's green backlight did . 
the scroll wheel is easy to use and works great for me , however many have complained that the wheel is cumbersome and difficult to operate . 
the sound is excellent as one would suspect from a creative product . 
the included eax support is useful at times , especially when you listen to a variety of genres , as it will adjust the equalizer for you which can be a big hassle . 
the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of any of the ipods . 
the software has n't been a hassle for me at all . 
lastly , the price is fantastic : 
i uploaded the drivers and new software in 15 minutes - no crashes or problems . 
usb 2.0 - very fast 
but the sound is very good ( and loud ) and works well on my portable speakers . 
and for those that are intrested the recharger works anywhere in the world ( and is quite small ). 
it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and very light . 
the scroll button seems ok , i have no problems with it . 
i am very pleased so far . 
very simple to use . 
all in all suprisingly easy to use . 
lots of flaws , but exceptional sound quality , hd size , and price make it a good buy . 
excellent sound - i found the music reproduced faithfully through the jukebox . 
transfer through windows explorer - windows recognizes the jukebox as an additional hard disk , so it allows you to simply drag and drop files from windows explorer to a folder for the nomad . 
i found it very useful for transferring large files to another computer . 
huge storage space - even at 320kbs , you can store a ton of songs on this thing . 
having usb 2.0 makes for very fast transfers . 
i use it for ripping cds , which it does a pretty good job of . 
overall , i feel that it 's a decent buy , and am happy that i own it . 
for the price and size and features , you can 't beat the price . 
the buttons and interface are very easy to use . 
simple click buttons , back buttons volume and display are very easy to read , access and use . 
with this mp3 player you get much more memory for much less than an ipod . 
i have found that the interface on the nomad is very easy to use if you have a basic knowledge of a computer . 
i have had no problem what-so-ever with this product . 
the software installed flawlessly and without any problems on my windows 2k machine . 
the battery life seems good , takes very lttle time to charge , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no delay between songs . 
took me a few tries to get use to the navigation , but it 's a very user friendly player imo . 
i have n't messed with the firmware at all , the player worked perfect for me right out of the box . 
all-in-all , this is another excellent creative product . 
it 's small , light and nice looking and the display is decent as well . 
i would recommend this product to anyone . 
before asking for the zen xtra specifically for christmas i researched many different mp3 players but finally decided on this one , and now that i have it i could n't be happier and i 'm convinced it 's the best one out there . 
many people have written about the software being its one downfall , personally i have n't had a single problem with the software , i 'm running windows me . 
the cd ripping to mp3 is so easy , and you can even rip the cd directly to the mp3 player , so it wo n't take up space on your pc hard drive . 
the software runs smooth , it 's nice to look at , it 's very organized , easy to follow and makes things very simple . 
the controls on the player are very simple , no need for a manual . 
the player is fast and sounds great , it also has many options like slowing or speeding up the music , or making it sound like you 're hearing the music in a huge auditorium . 
the battery lasts very long when playing music , but writing files to the player drains the battery fast , so you need to have it plugged into an outlet when sending files . 
playlists can be made on the fly , without aid of a computer , and you can use play modes like shuffle and repeat for your ' now playing ' selections or playlists . 
the software could n't be better and the mp3 player works like a dream , i could n't give this anything but a 5 , i wish there was a 6 . 
it is an extremely cool gizmo . 
well i have to say that this product is very good i mean it might be a little big but it still fits in your pocket . 
well surely this is a product that i recommend someone in getting rather than any other mp3 player ( at that size and the price ) . 
not only is it more affordable , but its a better player for windows , which is what i have . 
it hasnt gone below the second notch ( i charge mine whenever i 'm at home and not using it ) , so the battery life seems fine ( so far ). 
oh ... and file transfers are fast & easy . 
it 's easy . 
the buttons are easy to use , and its easy to navigate . 
the big backlight makes things easy to see , and the writing is big enough for people to see . 
my favorite thing about the nomad is the eax feature . 
its really cool . 
sound quality is amazing. i was expecting worse , but its really good ( especially if your files have good sound quality ) . 
you can also slow a song down & speed it up , which is cool too . 
also , you can store data on it , which is a plus. for all you people who want to buy an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n't bother , this is a much better buy . 
first i 'll start off by saying that this players hardware is pretty good .. . 
while the ease of use was very impressive , i was put off by the price -- about $ 130 more than what i paid amazon for this player . 
i have had the nomad jukebox for about three weeks now , and i am very happy with it . 
the storage capacity is great for me -- 
the bottom line for me is that i am very happy with this product . 
a lot of people complain about the creative software , but i actually find creative mediasource organizer to have some strengths over itunes . 
first , the zen lets you sync to more than one computer . 
the zen is an outstanding way to shuttle music between sources , you can 't do this on the ipod ( except for a cumbersome work-around using the ipod as a hard drive instead of a player ) . 
second , the " automatic " sync on creative lets you review the songs before it begins its transfer . 
the zen serves as a back-up device as well as a player . 
third , creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at both the content on the player and the computer . 
for those of us that like to tinker , i think creative offers some advantages . 
zen allows you to scroll up and down the song list selected on the player . 
it also lets you remove songs from the play order . 
if you bring up an album , but absolutely hate some of the tracks , the zen will allow you to delete that from the playing order . 
its ability to serve as a back-up for my music collection is a huge plus. 
i got this thing for christmas and i have been very happy with it ever since . 
the software is quick & easy to use & i found the entire process very easily mastered . 
the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without taking your eyes off the road ! 
overall it is a great unit & hopefully creative labs or some other vendor will soon come out with some accessories for it . 
this did n't bother me too much because it 's still a decent size . 
it comes with a good case that fits it snuggly . 
extremely convenient . 
great price . 
i thought the software was decent enough - it was n't complicated to learn at all . 
i 'm really happy with this purchase . 
now heres the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen is really big and the blue light in the back is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are easy to use after mastering the scroll button , great sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type deals on here . 
but it comes with a tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the case and still access everything . 
ive seen em all , the archos , dell , ipods , everything ... good price and great sound makes this one the best in my opinion . 
* price and capacity 
* slick-looking design and improved interface 
* removable battery 
despite its being slightly larger than the ipod , i must say i was surprised to see how small it was when i unwrapped the box ! 
i am ripping my cd collection into 160 kbps wma files ; this gives an average of around 60-65 mb per cd , good for about 900 cds in the ~ 57,000 mb of free memory available to me . 
file transfers are fast , nearly a song per second via usb 2.0 . 
to my ears , a 160 kbps wma file sounds just as good as the source cd , and the zen xtra sounds just as good as a portable cd player . 
the eax features are pretty cool , as well , as creative has included a number of eq adjustments that , for example , compensate for the extraneous noise encountered in a car or on a train . 
at the end of the day , what i wanted was a large-capacity player which allows me to easily play any album from my collection wherever i go , and the zen xtra 's combination of price , capacity and features easily meets those criteria . 
i got this for christmas , and it is a great gift . 
i have been ripping songs into it for the past few weeks , and the ease of use is wonderful . 
the memory will hold an amazing amount of songs , my entire collection of cd 's will all fit on this great little tiny piece of digital fun . 
plusses are the easy to remove battery and the terrific sound produced by the nomad . 
ripping the songs , even with my 1.1 usb connection is still very quick , and the quality is very good . 
considering the price and specs , this might be the best buy out there for a large memory mp3 player . 
it 's really a shame , because otherwise , creative mp3 players are very good , and have the best sound quality of any players on the market . 
after some consideration i chose the 40gb nomad zen xtra from creative , and i have not been disappointed . 
first , the battery is replacable by the user , because creative intended it to be - unlike apple with the ipod . 
it was easy enough to remove the front plate , and there was only one way the battery could be inserted . 
the new organizer software that ships with the nomad zen xtra could n't be easier to use . 
you can create playlists , drag & drop songs and playlists to your player , and rip directly from cd to your player . 
and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy . 
the sound is great , and the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external noise . 
i thought i 'd have to buy a set of headphones to use with it , but the included earbuds work quite well . 
they could be more comfortable , but no complaints in the sound department . 
i 've played around with the equalizer settings and am satisfied at the range of choices i have there too . 
1 . i achieved my basic objective ; my entire cd collection is on a portable device with lots of room to store more . 
the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i do n't even notice the click . 
m3u files are used by most mp3 players like musicmatch and winamp , but not creative - without notmad you need to manually recreate your playlists ) ; it does n't care what software you use to rip or catalog your music - creative or any other company - all my 12.5 gb of music were transferred to the zen with correct tags - hooray ! 
given that i already have the zen the only reason i am happy with it is because of the notmad software . 
now that i own it , however , i can 't imagine being without it ! 
i have stored around 60 cd 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have barely touched the available memory . 
the sound quality is fantastic ( cd quality ) and it is really great to carry this around instead of stacks of cd 's or tapes ! 
it is exceedingly simple to navigate around in this device . 
i did n't read a thing about how to operate it -- it was just intuitive . 
one other plus is that napster now supports this device via their software . 
+ the memory ( 40 gb ) is staggering . 
+ i had no problem using musicmatch software already on my computer to load songs and albums onto this unit 
+ screen was good , easy to read 
+ / - sound quality was good but it was going to take some tweakings with settings to try to make it great . 
i decided to save the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed . 
the player is intuitive and outputs great sound quality . 
navigation is easy and i found that syncing files from the player to the computer ( and vice versa ) was easy too . 
many have complained about the software included but in my opinion it 's easy to use and effective . 
i love this player and am extremely happy with my decision . 
the price / performance looked just right . 
i did buy the notmad software a week ago and found that a vast improvement . 
1 ) great sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio beats ipod 's " unspecified " ratio ) and good power output allow the zen xtra to drive large head-phones as well as external speakers . 
with my sennheiser 497 headphones , the volume is loud enough at 12 ( max is 20 ) . 
the player works well with my sony srs-a 202 powered speakers . 
2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows easy navigation of a large or small collection . 
3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to transfer files back and forth to use the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a player . 
the nomad explorer provide most of the functionality offered by 3rd party programs like notmad . 
4 ) usb 2.0 means fast data transfers ( 1 song / sec ! ). 
5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace . 
6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours beats ipod 's . 
7 ) chic look and good build - the player comes in a compact form with a metal face plate . 
i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine . 
8 ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek looking as windows mediaplayer , is effective in organizing your collection and is linked to a good cddb service ( gracenotes ). 
i do n't always care for gracenotes ' genre listings but it allows easy editing of id3 tags . 
b. fast mediasource cd ripping - takes about 40 seconds for a cd on my pentium 4 pc ( 2.4 ghz with 1gb ram ) with 52x drive . 
c. i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the computer . 
9 ) wake-up feature that allows you to set up the player to wake up and play selected music at a specified time . 
10 ) multiple play modes - tracks in order of album , shuffle , etc. , is standard on all jukebox players but worth noting that the zen xtra is not deficient in this matter . 
11 ) minimal pause between songs - less than that on other devices - good achievement for a hard-drive based player 
12 ) big storage - my entire cd collection in one small device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and counting ) ! 
7 ) some people have problems with the flip switch on the bottom that releases the player cover - has not been an issue for me and is immaterial if you use the case as the case covers the switch . 
great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes 
can 't beat carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever i go . 
also love waking up to music with attached speakers . 
i felt better with this one since it had the shuffle feature and i 'm not too keen on www.ipodsdirtysecret.com. 
replacement battery is $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 . 
i loved this product when i first got it - great sound , easy to use ( even though i agree that the software was n't the best ) and held enough songs to suit any mood . 
the combination of the price , storage size , and player features makes this player the best on the market . 
fact is , it could n't be easier to use . 
sound quality on this is amazing , as with all creative products . 
even leaving it on the default setting ( without the eax enhancements ) produces crystal clear playback . 
the menu allows you to search for files by artist , genre , and album quite easily . 
the battery stays charged for a long time , and takes no more than 2 or 3 hours at most to fully recharge via the included ac adapter . 
connect the player to your computer ( via usb ) , open up mediasource , and you can listen to your stored mp3s as they stream directly from the xtra ! 
usb 2.0 transfer is insanely fast . 
my first impression was positive . 
overall , a good buy for the price . 
easy enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
pros : huge storage capacity for the price , easy to navigate , can modify existing playlists on the fly , has a removable battery 
reviews for sound quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive . 
sure , this thing is definitely more cost-effective than an ipod . 
our special friends at creative gave this thing good sound quality , great features , long battery life , and an unbeatable price . 
i bought the player this week and i like it by far . 
removable and cheap battery - a li battery usually works properly for 1-3 years . 
value : comparing data storage with price . 
the appearance is okayed ( at least not ugly ) . 
the size is small ( just a little bit bigger than an i-pod . ) 
easy to use : a lot of reviews has mentioned about this 
the display is awesome , you can see everything you want and read it clearly 
huge storage space , i loaded my entire collection of music , which isnt that much , 400 songs , and still have 26 gb , out of the 28 provided to you . 
the sound is awesome , but if u put it too loud , depends on yoursound quality , the sound might crack . 
with eax on , you can modify your sound , with 4 different presets , which is pretty good , you can get different variations with it . 
if you use software correctly , put in all the id3 tags , you will get an awesome database collection , from which you can easily access your songs . 
i dont know what other people are saying , but the software is awesome . 
battery recharge , is an awesome thing , because it recharges in only like 2-3 hours . 
when you turn on your player , the player turns on really fast , and the music continues to play , as you left it when you were turning it off . 
you can manage your profile , change the contrast of backlight , make different type of display , either list or tabbed . 
you can do other different things with it such as choose what kind of " now playing " interface , you can see the interface as modern or classical . 
there is an alarm , i still havent used it yet , but it should be good . 
there is a clock , and date , which can get helpful . 
the player has firmware , which will remove the glitches , if there are any . 
the music plays awesome , never skips , even if u run for a bit , so you can listen to music without interruption . 
and also , it 's priced very affordably . 
with 40gb of storage i have about 7,500 songs on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about 2,500 more . 
the software interface supplied was very easy to use but i went ahead and got red chair 's " notmad " software because of some advanced features i wanted . 
sound settings can be adjusted for personal preference . 
accessing files by artist and album ( i mostly look things up by artist ) is easy and intuitive . 
possibly the biggest advantage this player has ( if price was n't enough ) is the fact that the user can replace the battery him / herself by opening the lid and popping in the new battery . 
since batteries do run out on everything , this will also be a big money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have built-in batteries that need to be replaced by a technician ( apple charges 100 bones for the battery replacement ) . 
try before you buy if at all possible : although i am a mac addict now for over a decade and everyone i know has previously bought an ipod , the nomad zen xtra was a far better value and is just as easy to use with regards to both hardware and software interface . 
i like the nomad 's color better , but it 's not terribly flashy . 
i have had mine for a month now and have to say i have enjoyed it . 
price ! 
sound quality is wonderful , i really like the smart volume sound normalization . 
i quickly got to use to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc fast enough . 
i also liked the fact that you can save custom playlist you made on the player not just the computer ! 
have had the player since xmass and love it ! 
great sound , very long battery life ( i routinely play it for 12 + hours ) , very fast recharges rate , removable battery , storage size , nice screen , firmware updates , and great price . 
this is an excellent player , especially for the price , with features that are comparable to and even excel the ipod . 
for a price that 's still less than even the lowest level ipod i was able to get this 40gb monster , and the best part is it works as great as it was advertised to and then some . 
the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods . 
it 's very solidly built , and has a nice dense feel to it . 
i find all of the controls well-placed and not flimsy in the least . 
the scroll wheel is better than the ipod 's as well , in that you do n't risk giving yourself a cramp running your thumb around in circles endlessly - just a small nudge of the finger and you 're there . 
the screen 's large and easily read . 
sound : exceptional , though i can 't really compare it to the ipod . 
interface - practically seamless . 
yet after ensuring that all the id3 tags are in order ( with the software which is actually not as bad as people make it out ) it actually turns out to be really handy . 
playlists can be generated on the fly ( which is a bit clunky but still a really nice bonus ) or by using the software , and there are a bevy of eq options . 
as i mentioned before , the creative mediasource software is actually really robust despite what others have said , though notmad may still work better . 
it 's easy to transfer , preview , and organize files . 
the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong point , as well . 
it was no problem for me to use their software . 
overall , i 'm giving this 5 stars as i 've seen nothing of the problems people have repeatedly cried havoc over , but as i 've only had the player for a while i leave room for doubt if the headphone jack , hissing , or scroll wheel problems show up with me too . 
please consider this much superior piece of equipment before plopping down half a grand for an ipod . 
honestly , i love this player . 
because other people that complain about this player are talking bull , this player is awesome , it just breaks fast , which is horrible . 
the sound quality is very good . 
having access to so much music where ever you go is terrific . 
this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
the pictures are razor-sharp , even in macro . 
it is small enough to fit easily in a coat pocket or purse . 
it is light enough to carry around all day without bother . 
operating its many features is easy and often obvious - i 'm no annie lebovitz , but i was able to figure out most of its abilities just messing around with it at a camera store . 
the manual does a fine job filling in any blanks that remain . 
the auto-focus performs well , but i love having the 12 optional scene modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many situations in which i would actually seek to use the camera . 
comes with a 16 mb compact flash and one rechargable battery the charging unit , included , is fast and small . 
i enthusiastically recommend this camera . 
it 's easy to use , and yet very feature rich . 
in the auto mode it functions basically as a point and click , the scene modes are very easy to use and produce good results . 
the manual mode is feature rich and i can 't wait to get the hang of it . 
the macro mode is exceptional , the pictures are very clear and you can take the pictures with the lens unbelievably close the subject . 
the battery life is very good , i got about 90 minutes with the lcd turned on all the time , the first time around , and i have been using it with the lcd off every now and then , and have yet needed to recharge it . 
i fell in love with this camera , it combines ease of use , with an immense amount of options and power . 
this camera is ideal for people who want more power , but do n't want to spend 1000s dollars on a camera . 
with nikon , although picture qualities are as good as any other 4 mp cameras , i 've had the following headaches ; 
but overall this is a good camera with a ' really good ' picture clarity ; an exceptional close-up shooting capability . 
otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; shutter delay is n't so bad either . 
nikon 4300 , i feel , is the best camera out there for the features and price . 
the pictures are absolutely amazing - the camera captures the minutest of details . 
the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful " scene " mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc. , are endless . 
the movie mode is also working great . 
the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
i experimented with online print ordering with the two major us brick and mortar retailers , and they both delivered great results . 
even at the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! shows not a single sign of visible rendering or pixels - you could never tell that the picture has been taken by a " digital " . 
the battery life is ok , but can be somewhat short when working a lot with the monitor on . 
over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level ! 
after nearly 800 pictures i have found that this nikon takes incredible pictures . 
the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does ! 
i love all of the features , and presets as well . 
sunset feature takes incredible pics in the morning , and the evening ! 
the software you get with this camera is perfect . 
touchups , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , and correct . 
battery life is good , although i recommend two rechargebles , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency pics you have to have . 
all and all , i am extremely pleased with this camera . 
great camera , great investment ! 
the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy to use , high quality , and compact in size . 
the auto setting does a great job most of the time but there are manual settings for those who want them . 
it has many great features and very few bad ones . 
it takes excellent pics and is very easy to use , if you read the manual . 
downloads are a snap and quick . 
controls easy yo use and easy to get to . 
i 'm extremely glad i bought this camera . 
really happy with this little camera . 
it is n't big and offensive , though you would n't know it by looking at the pics it takes . 
settings for just about everything , beautiful pics and beautiful prints . 
i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but onfull size high to fine quality , the zoomed images are quite impressive . 
still , at least from my perspective , a great camera for the money , and i 'm a happy camper ! 
this is a wonderful camera . 
4 mp gives you room for the future gaining experience ; cost offsets over time from wanting more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it carries nikon 's quality reputation behind it make the whole package prove itself worthwile at the price . 
one neat thing - i have taken some pictures in what i thought would be impossible lighting conditions pitch black rooms - no problem for the camera - rooms looked like they had ample lighting . 
this little camera has created a marriage between myself and nikon. never knew i could love a digital camera so much . 
the software that comes with it is amazing and the online service that comes free is really very neat. clean clear and well focused on over 95 % of all photos taken by a beginner . 
just point and shoot and the photos were great . 
the memory card fit nicely since i also have a pocket pc and it automatically installed a picture software on my pda wolla . 
if you have to buy a camera on a buget, this has got to be the one . 
great camera , i have been using this for several months and got excellent results , simple friendly usage , in many scenes indoor , outdoor , snow , close up macro etc. 
this is my first digital camera and i can say that i am quite impressed with the features that it has . 
it is easy enough to use for a beginner like me but it has plenty of features for me to grow into . 
i particularly like the way it aids me in taking my macro shots . 
my friends were impressed with the quality of the pictures i took ! 
battery life is ok . 
great camera , and for the price you can 't beat it . 
i found the controls very intuitive and learned how to manuver through the menus quickly . 
the quality is superb . 
the small size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person . 
the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust . 
it really is an awesome camera that is hard to beat for general-to moderate snapping . 
they take excellent macro shots as well . 
the menus and features are easy to manipulate and access , and it takes silent movies . 
i compared this to a lot of other cameras , believe me , it 's value for money . 
the picturers are amazing . 
recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily found that qualities of the picture are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very similar to slr models , and with added convenience of a digital camera that you can see pictures immediately . 
i particularly like the " txt " file which records all the control information for all the pictures you take. 
the compact digital camera is especially useful if you have little children around and you can always take the camera with you and take many pictures of them . 
a nikon will make you happier and leave you lots of good memories , as always . 
i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for a good digital camera that takes great pictures yet does n't take weeks to figure out how to operate . 
we take this camera with us everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality of the pictures that we get and the number of different ways the camera allows for pictures to be taken . 
i am a picture fanatic so i consider myself picky and if your the same way this camera will not let you down.now buy it ! 
i have it for a week now , and this camera has exceeded my expectations . 
the daylight pictures are brilliant and the indoor shots are very good provided that your subject is no more than about 8 feet away . 
uploading the images to my windows-based pc is very fast and simple . 
in summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a high quality point and shoot camera in the medium price range . 
great camera . 
i am impressed with how easy this camera is to use . 
it takes great pictures . 
the manual is easy to understand , and it is mostly idiot proof . 
it is small , unlike my canon slr , so it easily fits in my pocket . 
i got this camera about a month ago and i can 't put it down . 
i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures every time . 
autofocus feels exactly like my film camera while scene and manual mode add a little fun challenge to it all . 
i have not been disappointed with my purchase . 
picture quality in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35mm . 
i am extremely satisfied with this camera . 
the " scene " mode works well for the remainder of shots that are not going to be in a " regular " setting . 
however , its 3x optical setting is acceptable for 70 % of the shots that i take . 
if you 're looking for a small , compact , super resolution digital camera , you can end your search with the nikon 4300 ! 
after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel . 
after using it for about a month , i can state unequivocably that this nikon definitely delivers a huge bang for the buck . 
its easy to use and the sheer fun of being able to use an array of nikon accessories like the telephoto and wide-angle lenses is the proverbial icing on the cake . 
yes , the picture quality and features which are too numerous to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range . 
the design and construction are excellent -- as is the legendary quality of the nikon optics . 
there are so many functions in this little , yet powerful camera ! 
seriously ! i love it ! 
but this camera is great ! 
the picture quality is amazing and you can connect it to your tv and could make silent movies that way if you wanted to . 
it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics with it on which is real good . 
the battery recharges ral fast and the recharger thingy that comes with is real nice . 
ooh , and i dropped it and it still works fine : this little camera has so many features i have n't even gotten to all of them yet . 
it 's easy for beginners to use , but has features that more serious photographers will love , so it 's an excellent camera to grow into . 
it 's light weight enough to take with you everywhere , but powerful enough to get outstanding pix . 
i love the continuous shot mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action shots . 
i 'm amazed at the photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints . 
1 it has all the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would want . 
2 it is easy enough for my grandmother to use . 
3 it is very compact but the controls are so well designed that they 're still easy to use . 
6 the nikon coolpix line is a well-established line so you know support and parts are going to be available even when nikon releases a newer model . 
7 picture quality is excellent . 
8 battery life is excellent . 
9 3x built-in optical zoom is a lot for this price range . 
10 great price for all the features . 
this camera was affordable , very easy to learn , and produces spectacular images . 
the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual . 
it 's size also makes it ideal for travel . 
overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and useful little camera . 
awesome camera with huge print quality in a tiny package . 
the same 4mp chip from the 4500 camera , plus a 3x zoom with the ability to expand upon that with extenders , great closeup mode , long lasting rechargable battery , etc etc. 
in my opinion it 's the best camera for the money if you 're looking for something that 's easy to use , small good for travel , and provides excellent , sharp images . 
there is much which has been said in other reviews about the features of this phone , it is a great phone , mine worked without any problems right out of the box . 
i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at &#38; t 's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route . 
my favorite features , although there are many , are the speaker phone , the radio and the infrared . 
the speaker phone is very functional and i use it in the car , very audible even with freeway noise . 
the infrared is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer your old phone book to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering my numbers . 
here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
on the up-side , the phone has amazing battery life . 
i do like this phone overall ( would give it a 3.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am returning it . 
in all fairness , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) try hard to answer your questions . 
t-mobile is trying very hard , and again -- they do have pretty good csr 's . 
i 'm staying with sprint , and though i fear that their csr is n't nearly as good as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their reception is exceptional . 
while i like the performance of the phone in every regard , i would buy another one solely upon the apparent indestructibility of it . 
i highly recommend a nokia 6610 . 
no other color phone has the combination of features that the 6610 offers . 
from the speakerphone that can be used up to 15 feet away with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones that adds a personal touch to this nifty phone . 
whether you 're taking a brisk jog , waiting for a bus or just having lunch at the park , you 'll be glad you had the fm radio . 
i treat the battery well and it has lasted . 
overall this has been my favorite phone that i have owned . 
it has a nice color screen . 
it is small . 
t-mobile was a pretty good server . 
while i had the phone , the positive features were : good sound quality and an excellent fm phone and earpiece . 
the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones they make ... 
this phone is a winner ... 
anything this phone does , it does perfectly . 
the speakerphone , the radio , all features work perfectly . 
this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
as said before this works perfectly . 
you can adjust the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't make that big of a disturbance . 
the person on the other end of the call can hear you perfectly . 
you can be up to about 3 feet away from it and it will still work perfectly . 
this phone is one of the few phones that have an fm radio tuner built in . 
this radio receives fairly decent reception but not nearly as good as a normal radio , but as long as the stations are coming in clearly the phone 's radio should work perfectly . 
i bought this phone for my trip to south africa and it worked almost perfectly . 
anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception . 
another benefit of this phone is that it is truly an international phone ; the 6610 is sold in almost everywhere in the world . 
this means that there is a good chance that this phone will not break easily like typical american phones . 
when you put this phone in your pocket you forget it is there ; it is unbelievably small and oh , so light . 
this is a benefit for many reasons ; one being just for appearance , your pants wo n't be bulging with this phone in your pocket . 
the battery life on this phone is surreal . 
i 've used the speakerphone for almost two hours once and the battery did not even go down one single bar . 
it is amazing that the battery lasts so long when the phone is so small and light . 
this phone has many other features , ir , ; just to name one , the features above i view as the most beneficial . 
overall , i highly recommend this phone . 
it is a perfect phone in such a small and appealing package . 
size - extremely small and convenient will fit in your pocket and not bother you . 
sound - excellent polyphonic ringing tones are very nice ( check cons ) it also doubles as a radio , which is a nice feature when you are bored . 
speakerphone - loud and clear has some nice extra features like currency converter and a stopwatch . 
surfing the web on it is nice as well , i just wish there were more wap pages available . 
nice little phone ... light compact . . 
although the nokia 6610 is a little short on the features department , it is an outstanding piece of hardware for doing what it was primarily meant to do : to be a wireless telephone . 
the reception and sound quality are top-notch . 
i like the size and weight of this little critter . 
i am able to carry it close to my body , in places where other phones are not so easily concealed . 
the screen is bright , easy to see in the daylight , with nice colors . 
it receives very nice mms pictures from other gsm phones . 
but , then again , the ringer can be so loud that i heard it ringing inside my office , when i was already out on the street .. . 
- light , compact design 
- solid , high-quality construction 
- well-backlit keypad 
- outstanding signal reception 
- excellent sound quality 
- bright , visible screen 
- speakerphone 
- very long-lasting battery life 
one of the best cell phones i have ever used to-date . 
i like the speakphone function a lot . 
i am very pleased with its quality and durability . 
i like the automatic key lock function . 
the phone is very light weight . 
the screen is bright and ring tones are unlimited . 
the fm radio is cool . 
while going for a cellphone , i was fully determined to buy a nokia only as it is the best in cellphones . 
and really this is the best phone one could have . 
it has all the features one would need in a cellphone . 
it is lightweight , sleek and attractive . 
this phone is very user-friendly , easy to manipulate &#38; very convenient to scroll in menu etc . 
it has fm radio option and i can listen to music anytime . 
its speakerphone option allows us to do long talks conveniently , lying on bed &#38; phone lying by your pillowside . 
it comes equipped with lot of wallpapers and polyphonic sweet tunes . 
i am enjoying my phone a lot .... 
small size . 
i love the fact i can carry it in my shirt or pants pocket and forget about it . 
color screen is good . 
it has lots of features such as the calendar which works like my outlook calendar . 
the keys are laid out normal so there is no guessing . 
navigating through the menus is super easy , especially if you have owned a previous model nokia phone . 
battery life is very good , i use it every day and i have to charge it every 5 or 6 days or so . 
nokias have always had good sound quality and this is no exception . 
the loud speaker function on the 6610 is great because you do n't need to put your phone right next to your ear to talk . 
i like my phones to be small so i can fit it in my pockets . 
overall this is a slightly better than average phone . 
this is the best phone i have seen . 
the phones are awesome . 
we hardly ever have to charge them , get great reception ( live in chicago ) , and the customization and applications are awesome . 
you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and if you know how to program jme you can even make your own apps / games . 
the phone 's sound quality is great ( turn up the volume if its too quiet , people , this thing will get loud ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i miss from my 8290 is voice dialing . 
i bought this slick phone and i am very happy with it . 
nice and small and excellent when it comes to downloading games , graphics and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com 
i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had . 
the features are really cool like the radio . 
the first night i got this phone i put it next to me when i went to bed just to listen to my favorite music station and the handset itself doesnt weight anything its too light and feel so comfy with it . 
technology wise , i think this is awesome plus the speaker makes it even great ! ! ! ! i love this phone ! ! ! 
for a specific location , i still think its a great phone . 
this really is a great little phone ; its got nice features , a beatiful screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny ! 
this phone won me over , and a big seller was the size ; it fits nicely into any pocket without falling out . 
nokia was my first nonflip phone , and i 'm glad i decided to go with them . 
first of all , my calls were loud and clear , unlike with sprint . 
i could make phone calls from locations i previously could not ( like my apartment ) . 
the phone is small , light , and very attractive . 
the battery life is amazing . 
the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
i 'm not one who uses web browsing , so this phone easily met and surpassed my needs . 
i highly recommend this phone to anyone . 
it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features . 
this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) . 
the hands-free speakerphone is quite powerful ( like the motorola phone , i used to own ) . 
i simply love this feature . 
in addition it comes with a sleek and powerful headset . 
the built in fm radio is excellent for people traveling by public transport . 
the pc sync feature is superb that comes with nokia pc suite software ( with data cable or infrared port or bluetooth ) . 
additionally , it has more fun stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screensaver , stop clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc. ) 
the mobile text messaging , chat , picture sharing etc. other nicities , that you would enjoy . 
the mms technology is very well integrated with this phone , which you will enjoy . 
i can recommend this phone to anyone , anytime . 
not only is it the perfect size ( not too small , not too large ) , it also has all the features a high-tech phone user would want . 
in true nokia style , the phone is simple to use and despite its delicate appearance , this little guy is as durable as other nokias i have owned . 
the phone book is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is excellent . 
even better , with the optional headset you can listen to music over the integrated radio . 
however , the battery life is good enough you should n't be overly concerned with turning this phone off . 
overall this is the best phone i have ever owned . 
nokia does not disappoint in this model . 
it has great battery life , fm radio , excellent signal , hands free speakerphone ( which i have to say is probably my favorite function ) and downloadable java apps . 
great phone .. . 
great features .. . 
i did a ton of research and settled on this phone because of the small size , speakerphone option , great priced calling plan and access to my corporate email . 
i have had no problems with the phone . 
great phone , i 'd buy another . 
excellent phone , the phone looks much better than what u see in the pictures . 
overall an excellent phone . 
the service from t-mobile is very good too . 
great phone , easy to use , excellent network , no regrets ! ! ! 
i purchased this phone for just 50 $ and there is no end to what i can do with it . 
nokia and t-mobile really teamed up well on this baby . 
service is great as far as i can tell , features work like a charm , ringtones are high quality if you buy them from t-mobile and aim is great . 
this is probably your best bet if you are looking for a phone in this price range , or like me , do not have the patience to deal with annoying flip phones . 
1 month , no problems , great phone i 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone . 
yes , the features are numerous . 
the speakerphone works better than any speakerphone i 've ever had . 
the sound quality is excellent , except , maybe a * tad * too quiet at times when there are quieter talkers on the other end of the line . 
the included earpiece is very comfortable and easy to use . 
i have not had any distortion problems with this phone and am more pleased with this phone than any i 've used before . 
first let me say that it is much smaller than it looks on the web and it also looks better . 
the radio feature has superb sound quality . 
it has a classic design yet looks hip . 
it is extremely light and dissapears in your pocket . 
the battery is alot better than most of the phones out there . 
this phone is great as a whole and is not like others with one or two good qualities . 
it does well in all aspects of internet browsing . 
battery life is good for a phone of this size . 
but anyway , the only thing you should really look at here is the fact that the phone does have voice dialing . 
great screen and great sound . 
the 6610 excels as a cell phone , thank god . 
the voice quality is very good , and it gets great reception ( that is , in places where you get t-mobile coverage , which is not that good ; see below ) . 
the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive . 
other than that , this is a perfect phone for those of us with no patience for flips . 
the nokia 6610 is a relatively new phone , and what a great phone it is . 
after using it , i found the size to be perfect for carrying in a pocket . 
it is just a tad small to hold to your ear with your shoulder , but that is solved with the very comfortable handsfree ear-piece which is included . 
when i turned the phone on , the first thing that hit me is how good the screen is . 
the resolution is very good and the colors are bright and even changeable ! 
the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic ? 
you can also assign special rings and graphics to special people when they call . 
the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
all my questions or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved . 
the rate plans are also very good , at least for me . 
this phone is highly recommended otherwise . 
nokia makes a great phone , that 's clear . 
with all its complicated features , the menus are easily accessible and the quality of the features is great . 
this phone is good with a huge array of features built into it . 
the design is sleek and the color screen has good resolution . 
it is very light weight and has a good signal strength . 
but , i would definately recommend this phone . 
it is crystal clear . 
this is one of the nicest phones nokia has made . 
