As it is , it 's too long and unfocused .
A decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .
You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .
The Ya-Ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .
Wedding feels a bit anachronistic .
The Paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final ( restored ) third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic .
Collateral Damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't .
It would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire .
An uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , The Grey Zone does have a center , though a morbid one .
Director Douglas McGrath takes on Nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .
All comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .
It 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .
Lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .
... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
A devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .
Many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and I do n't think that A.C. will help this movie one bit .
Like Rudy Yellow Lodge , Eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
Perhaps the grossest movie ever made .
The directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep .
Imagine O. Henry 's The Gift of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene .
You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any Oscars .
If you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , I have just one word for you - -- Decasia
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .
Fred Schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
Franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance SONNY needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
I 'd rather watch a rerun of The Powerpuff Girls
An almost unbearably morbid love story .
About the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time .
A sentimental mess that never rings true .
On a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
Enough said , except : Film overboard !
As a remake , it 's a pale imitation .
It shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .
As exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical Pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
The rest of the film ... is dudsville .
Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and I know this because I 've seen ` jackass : the movie . '
Killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .
Please , someone , stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film .
Most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
The effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable .
To the civilized mind , a movie like Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
The lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... It 's a pity that ( Nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition .
The cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge .
Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .
The characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
... plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going .
In fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .
What you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height .
The biggest problem with Roger Avary 's uproar against the MPAA is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .
I approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .
`` The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker .
Even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his Halloween trip to the Haunted House .
Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .
A movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
Skip the film and buy the Philip Glass soundtrack CD .
Completely awful Iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .
The most offensive thing about the movie is that Hollywood expects people to pay to see it .
Terminally brain dead production .
Not only are the film 's Sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
I have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .
It 's a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .
It 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
Will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
There 's nothing interesting in Unfaithful whatsoever .
Fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of The Matrix .
An erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
If you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
The 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .
As gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut Dahmer ( Jeremy Renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
`` Solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
An awful lot like one of ( Spears ' ) music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .
Confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
By the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
Journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .
There 's nothing to gain from watching They .
Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .
Such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .
Stealing Harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
Imagine Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .
Suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer demands .
What soured me on The Santa Clause 2 was that Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky .
It 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .
Such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
The acting is n't much better .
( N ) o matter how much good will the actors generate , Showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
The catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
Without Shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .
An ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .
Unfortunately , it 's also not very good .
Glazed with a tawdry B-movie scum .
This is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
To build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .
With the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which They is n't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
Astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .
To better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and I wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough .
Not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- I doubt it would be all that interesting .
( Swimfan ) falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
Why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?
The French director has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .
It 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .
But the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
A muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .
This is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .
Looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .
Given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
( Carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark .
Oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .
Every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
It is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .
Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .
An infuriating film .
The entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
As pure over-the-top trash , any John Waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
Wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .
I ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...
Eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .
Irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .
To paraphrase a line from another Dickens ' novel , Nicholas Nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
The result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood .
An extremely unpleasant film .
My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it .
The notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced Prozac Nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .
Adam Sandler 's Eight Crazy Nights grows on you -- like a rash .
The big-screen Scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
Devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
Plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .
But the second half of the movie really goes downhill .
The script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
It 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful .
The most memorable moment was when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
Suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry British filmmakers have strip-mined the Monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
Yes , I have given this movie a rating of zero .
The cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .
It 's still terrible !
The animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication .
Mr. Soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
About as enjoyable , I would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
The sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .
This flat run at a hip-hop Tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines .
None of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny .
... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .
A humorless journey into a philosophical void .
McKay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .
The problem with ANTWONE FISHER is that it has a screenplay written by Antwone Fisher based on the book by Antwone Fisher .
Tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of Animal House but instead comes closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel .
Unfortunately , Kapur modernizes A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare .
... what a banal bore the preachy Circuit turns out to be
A mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic Jackie Chan to even younger audiences .
One of the most incoherent features in recent memory .
The issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care .
` This movie sucks . '
Although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
The jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .
There are now two signs that M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : Unbreakable and Signs .
... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .
Plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
This is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .
The only thing that distinguishes a Randall Wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film .
Below is well below expectations .
It does n't work as either .
Given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube .
A 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .
The waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .
Sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and Judaism back at least 50 .
The thing just never gets off the ground .
Most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .
So devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .
The problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
Kirshner and Monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .
A lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .
( Sam 's ) self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .
An ugly , pointless , stupid movie .
This is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
No , I hate it .
This mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .
It 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
A fifty car pileup of cliches .
It 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .
Not only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
What ultimately makes Windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
It 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
The drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .
The misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .
A markedly inactive film , City is conversational bordering on confessional .
We 've liked Klein 's other work but Rollerball left us cold .
They were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .
It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .
Offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life .
A 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
Guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .
It 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .
Partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .
... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .
Frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
And it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
One of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .
( MacDowell ) ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .
Talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .
Seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .
The movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .
An awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .
Jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of Candid Camera staged for the Marquis de Sade set .
The problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .
Like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz .
As the movie dragged on , I thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
I have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short .
The Adventures of Pluto Nash is a whole lot of nada .
Despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as I thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie
Tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .
We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and Michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .
As plain and pedestrian as catsup --
It 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .
Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .
All the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .
Much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here .
Despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets finds a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
Those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .
Imagine ( if possible ) a Pasolini film without passion or politics , or an Almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma .
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .
Never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .
It 's uninteresting .
A surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .
A film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters .
It 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
New ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
Lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .
Their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
Several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` Unfaithful . ''
Why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .
It 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .
An already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .
The heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in ( this ) meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot .
A peculiar misfire that even Tunney ca n't save .
It is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .
Borstal Boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
The film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed .
Crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls .
I have to admit I walked out of Runteldat .
I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
There 's already been too many of these films ...
` The War of the Roses , ' trailer-trash style .
The film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
This overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .
Mr. Deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .
A mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
A movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls .
It 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .
To be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake !
A frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .
Quite frankly , I ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
My precious new Star Wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...
Should have gone straight to video .
It looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such .
It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .
A boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for -- well , I 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
It is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film .
... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that I ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .
Feels at times like a giant commercial for Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place .
Every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .
Big Fat Liar is little more than Home Alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .
Loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .
The story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .
But if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
This thing is just garbage .
There must be an audience that enjoys the Friday series , but I would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally .
My own minority report is that it stinks .
... if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .
... unlike ( Scorsese 's Mean Streets ) , Ash Wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
Yes , I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care , so I did n't .
It is not the first time that director Sara Sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .
Nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .
What remains is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip .
Take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a Mexican soap opera .
A lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .
It 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...
Has no reason to exist , other than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
For a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over , No Such Thing is a big letdown .
Constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .
After you laugh once ( maybe twice ) , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
At the one-hour mark , Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
Mr. Goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
By that measure , it is a failure .
You see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .
Downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating .
The movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
`` Analyze That '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
... an airless , prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if Lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .
Goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .
In comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .
The jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .
This long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .
The first Fatal Attraction was vile enough .
It made me feel unclean , and I 'm the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies .
A loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '
The movie has a script ( by Paul Pender ) made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .
A pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .
One of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
Scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .
The sinister inspiration that fuelled DeVito 's early work is confused in Death to Smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
Do n't even bother to rent this on video .
This is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in September .
Not counting a few gross-out comedies I 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
Depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being .
The only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
It just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on ( or be entertained by ) .
MIB II is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
No amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` German-Expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .
I 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : This erotic cannibal movie is boring .
... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
Ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
Contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
This movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
In addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
It 's as if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese .
Comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible .
Once one experiences Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
That chirpy songbird Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
It 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .
A chiller resolutely without chills .
`` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company , '' and I do n't mean that in a good way .
Merely ( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .
... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .
The whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product .
The only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .
Bad and baffling from the get-go .
Like a can of 2-day old Coke .
Other than a mildly engaging central romance , Hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .
By the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
The movie is a desperate miscalculation .
In that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
Instead of making his own style , director Marcus Adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
A story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .
It 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland .
Starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches .
Completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that I 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
Horrible .
The disjointed mess flows as naturally as Jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .
Makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .
The only thing to fear about `` Fear Dot Com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
It 's too interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
This ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
A particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .
... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did I miss something ? ''
Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .
It 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
It 's Splash without the jokes .
Shallow , noisy and pretentious .
This loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .
Philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .
Two hours of junk .
It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie , but Resident Evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .
Diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
The actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
Dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .
Stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .
Once Ice-T sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .
It would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .
For most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .
Tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .
With jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , Yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
A very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .
Boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .
The comedy is nonexistent .
It 's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .
This is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
The director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .
After seeing the film , I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
The only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time .
... Stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
Despite bearing the Paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement European pickup .
What 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .
Sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .
Just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .
Even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage .
So boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
One of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears .
Hollywood Ending is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever .
Ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .
` It 's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama . '
A plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .
Ms. Phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
The movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
The original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !
There 's no palpable chemistry between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes , plus the script by Working Girl scribe Kevin Wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid .
The only camouflage Carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
Shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ...
The latest Adam Sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .
But it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
A movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end .
The predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .
It 's a visual Rorschach test and I must have failed .
... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
Thumbs down .
The characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects .
If we 're to slap protagonist Genevieve LePlouff because she 's French , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?
This thing works on no level whatsoever for me .
An incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .
What might have been acceptable on the printed page of Iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .
A poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .
May cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .
Where 's the movie here ?
It 's so badly made on every level that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
Too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped .
... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !
It 's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel .
Suffocated by its fussy script and uptight characters , this musty adaptation is all the more annoying since it 's been packaged and sold back to us by Hollywood .
Is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ?
The movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .
Lame , haphazard teen comedy .
or maybe `` How will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
It is a comedy that 's not very funny and an action movie that is not very thrilling ( and an uneasy alliance , at that ) .
No reason for anyone to invest their hard-earned bucks into a movie which obviously did n't invest much into itself either .
Should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .
Reign of Fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
It feels like a community theater production of a great Broadway play : Even at its best , it will never hold a candle to the original .
The Master Of Disaster - it 's a piece of dreck disguised as comedy .
... pitiful , slapdash disaster .
A DOA dud from frame one .
Distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register .
A predictable , manipulative stinker .
The movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , ( Denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
A gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .
I guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .
Gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .
One of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .
True to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
The script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .
Evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .
A derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .
Loosely speaking , we 're in All of Me territory again , and , strictly speaking , Schneider is no Steve Martin .
As aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .
Has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .
Contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
I hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of High Art .
Whether Jason X is this bad on purpose is never clear .
But one thing 's for sure : It never comes close to being either funny or scary .
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .
Instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .
It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '
A sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices .
It is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
For the future , one hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .
A cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
For a story set at sea , Ghost Ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '
I like my Christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .
Equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .
This kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that I even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
Cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of Nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .
The entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
( Less a movie than ) an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment .
Even if you 're an Elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this DVD .
The Tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
Not even Steven Spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
It 's all surface psychodramatics .
Kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .
An undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .
Has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together TV episodes .
Ozpetek offers an AIDS subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves .
The Sweetest Thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
Sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even Freeman ca n't save it .
Seemingly a vehicle to showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings , Stealing Harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore .
This franchise has not spawned a single good film .
The crap continues .
When it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
A stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .
An annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .
A tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with .
The emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .
Seagal , who looks more like Danny Aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .
I can analyze this movie in three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down .
Make like the title and dodge this one .
This is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .
A vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome . '
Think The Lion King redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by Bryan Adams , the world 's most generic rock star .
An amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .
Would Benigni 's Italian Pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?
This is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
Control-Alt-Delete Simone as quickly as possible
... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .
A generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .
Kung Pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .
A profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
... pays tribute to heroes the way Julia Roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .
As a director , Eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising .
Be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .
A limp Eddie Murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
So muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style .
No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson , seems entirely improvised .
There 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , Jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .
The documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .
Far too clever by half , Howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
No big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .
Shankman ... and screenwriter Karen Janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of Bible parables and not an actual story .
Slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth .
Skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience .
In the end , there is n't much to it .
You could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .
for those for whom the name Woody Allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , Hollywood Ending is a depressing experience
It could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress .
Everything was as superficial as the forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma had .
One of the most highly-praised disappointments I 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
Strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , The Four Feathers comes up short .
The thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes ( of which they 'll get plenty ) fills me with revulsion .
A grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather .
No amount of nostalgia for Carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .
An artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .
The pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .
is a mess .
Hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .
The movie is a dud .
Because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .
It 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
After sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
Loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .
There is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
Bread , My Sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
The characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament .
If you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then Blood Work is for you .
Any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .
The script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained .
As steamy as last week 's pork dumplings .
The somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .
Another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures .
This strenuously unfunny Showtime deserves the hook .
Features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
Nothing about this movie works .
Not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .
A shame that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .
Nearly every attempt at humor here is DOA .
A long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .
Call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but I believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .
Priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .
but rather , ` How can you charge money for this ? '
Maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
For the rest of us , sitting through Dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director Michel Gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .
The satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .
If you 're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .
Crossroads feels like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .
It appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
The only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
Due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer .
Nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .
A thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` The Thing ' and a geriatric ` Scream . '
Nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .
Guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest .
To say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .
A film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .
A loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the TV series .
Even on its own ludicrous terms , The Sum of All Fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series .
As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game , Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .
Rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .
... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
Madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose .
Never having seen the first two films in the series , I ca n't compare Friday After Next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
The story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .
A depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .
It 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .
Highly uneven and inconsistent ... Margarita Happy Hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
Very stupid and annoying .
The Sum of All Fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over Cold War paranoia .
How inept is Serving Sara ?
It makes even Elizabeth Hurley seem graceless and ugly .
Lazy , miserable and smug .
This is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
There 's no energy .
This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '
There 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
Not even Felinni would know what to make of this Italian freakshow .
It 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .
Both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
Neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
A preposterous , prurient whodunit .
... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
The film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .
Muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for Kevin Costner .
Just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .
It all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense .
Run for your lives !
The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .
The slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .
If ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .
The picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
You 'll cry for your money back .
Slap me , I saw this movie .
Behind the glitz , Hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
So putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
In the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
There 's only one way to kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .
The movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .
In other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .
This is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
The whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .
What a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !
The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .
Despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .
Aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
What should have been a cutting Hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of Variety .
Hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
( T ) his slop does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .
The movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
A loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .
A movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture .
Unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the Reginald Hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
The actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .
Co-writer\/director Jonathan Parker 's attempts to fashion a Brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .
If there 's a heaven for bad movies , Deuces Wild is on its way .
What 's missing in Murder by Numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour .
Horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .
Rob Schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill The Hot Chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
A horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .
The film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
Sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .
It 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .
It 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
It 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
Boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .
It 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .
The kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .
Nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .
Like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
There is nothing redeeming about this movie .
I was trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great ... I 'm Not , and then I realized that I just did n't care .
Derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .
In all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .
Unfortunately , One Hour Photo lives down to its title .
Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .
Cold , Sterile And Lacking Any Color Or Warmth .
One sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
Would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .
Nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
What starts off as a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
The project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting .
Stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .
No cute factor here ... Not that I mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
Deep down , I realized the harsh reality of my situation : I would leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered .
Aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
For its 100 minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
A work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
It 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .
It might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the Saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .
A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` In space , no one can hear you snore . '
This would-be ` James Bond for the Extreme Generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie .
It 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
This is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` Why ? '
Distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .
Plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story .
No film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .
A low-budget affair , Tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction .
Then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
What might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of Woody Allen or Mel Brooks ( at least during their '70s heyday ) comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .
It ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
Purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .
One ca n't shake the feeling that Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album .
What little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .
Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .
The most horrific movie experience I 've had since `` Ca n't Stop The Music . ''
It may as well be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . ''
It 's that painful .
A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , The Burning Sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that .
You may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
A smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .
Worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .
Ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok .
Bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie .
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
The story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .
Most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
High Crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd .
A dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
It aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
Personally , I 'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet .
All of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue Brown Sugar from the curse of blandness .
... post-September 11 , `` The Sum Of All Fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
The exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .
Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... In Praise of Love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .
Humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .
The movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '
It 's horribly depressing and not very well done .
And it 's a lousy one at that .
It is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .
It 's just merely very bad .
In my own very humble opinion , In Praise of Love lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works .
Muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .
If there was any doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , A Rumor of Angels should dispel it .
This pathetic junk is barely an hour long .
It is n't that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !
The leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .
Staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .
Like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
Chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .
It 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name .
Apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present Hollywood program .
Depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .
On its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
It 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .
Epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made Tucker a star .
A dull , dumb and derivative horror film .
A laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film .
It 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison .
One of the worst films of 2002 .
This movie is about the worst thing Chan has done in the United States .
This ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .
An incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
The film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .
Instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the X Games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .
A woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy .
If you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material .
A summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
Every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .
Interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .
The action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up .
A ragbag of cliches .
The three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling .
It 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling .
This painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story .
What more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?
Instead of letting the laughs come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .
We do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
Even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , Sorority Boys is a bowser .
Weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .
We ca n't accuse Kung Pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .
There is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
This movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
The secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again .
( Creates ) the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
The movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
An exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .
The movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .
The film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .
It 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni .
It makes me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
A listless sci-fi comedy in which Eddie Murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .
A generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
An unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .
The story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .
So bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy .
I still want my money back .
With little visible talent and no energy , Colin Hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
Coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .
Anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .
Collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .
The following things are not at all entertaining : The bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching Seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy .
Obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .
The most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .
Most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .
McKay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .
You begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
Unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .
An unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
There are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .
Just dreadful .
I do n't blame Eddie Murphy but should n't Owen Wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?
This is just lazy writing .
But the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .
The problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
`` Sorority Boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .
Certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire .
This Tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .
What 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .
Sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .
None of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens .
` Punch-Drunk Love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '
A crass and insulting homage to great films like Some Like It Hot and the John Wayne classics .
Loud , silly , stupid and pointless .
You 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
A yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .
As David Letterman and The Onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but Lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .
`` Abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
director Hoffman , his writer and Kline 's agent should serve detention
I 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .
I 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen .
The Irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .
This is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
The whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '
More of the same old garbage Hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
It 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows .
Unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .
Vulgar is too optimistic a title .
Even as I valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , I could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
A bad movie that happened to good actors .
Oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .
That such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .
Rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .
For dance completists only .
Spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations
I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere .
This little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .
Makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .
The title , alone , should scare any sane person away .
It 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins .
A loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .
The movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .
Maid in Manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
... about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .
Cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
Becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't .
The entire movie is in need of a scented bath .
The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .
The performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .
It 's just rather leaden and dull .
Dismally dull sci-fi comedy .
There 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
Even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
The logic of it all will be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .
Starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis with a scar .
After that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
Director Jay Russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .
At times , it actually hurts to watch .
The movie is the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .
I 've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic ...
There is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .
This is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
Rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .
A dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .
It 's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet ? ''
The script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .
This is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .
The film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic .
Sorority Boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .
Sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate Jim Carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
Was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?
It goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
` In this poor remake of such a well loved classic , Parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
I found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .
Viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .
Get out your pooper-scoopers .
If this is cinema , I pledge allegiance to Cagney and Lacey .
It appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .
Beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
Starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
There 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
Poor Ben Bratt could n't find stardom if MapQuest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
An empty , purposeless exercise .
Haneke 's script ( from Elfriede Jelinek 's novel ) is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .
This picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .
A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .
Master of Disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .
Suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .
Tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art .
What ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits .
You expect more from director Michael Apted ( Enigma ) and screenwriter Nicholas Kazan ( Reversal of Fortune ) than this cliche pileup .
Of all the Halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .
... feels as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
Attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .
A wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .
This 90-minute dud could pass for Mike Tyson 's E !
This is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio .
Once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny .
A depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .
The Sweetest Thing leaves a bitter taste .
In a big corner office in Hell , Satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7 .
A thriller without a lot of thrills .
This stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
Done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .
No French people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .
An unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .
Comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .
Hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .
If I could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , I would go back and choose to skip it .
This one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .
Dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .
After several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions , especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget .
The Country Bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .
But the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already .
The Master of Disguise is awful .
It 's Pauly Shore awful .
The movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing I can say is that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it .
You ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
It desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .
From the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , `` Besotted '' is misbegotten
Alas , getting there is not even half the interest .
The film is all over the place , really .
Forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
Burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .
Another boorish movie from the I-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .
It 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
And it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
Why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?
The obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm .
Press the delete key .
There 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .
Lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .
This hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
To call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .
But ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro .
Fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... Well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
It 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
It 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah .
A rip-off twice removed , modeled after ( Seagal 's ) earlier copycat Under Siege , sometimes referred to as Die Hard on a boat .
Totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are The Greatest Musicians of All Time .
You can practically hear George Orwell turning over .
Lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .
If it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo .
The film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting .
The movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
Festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
Does n't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) .
The pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and Naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .
( Lee ) treats his audience the same way that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
There 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
No amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .
We started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine .
Bears is even worse than I imagined a movie ever could be .
When you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .
But this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
Rollerball IS as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
We assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
With a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard .
This movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101 .
What we get in FearDotCom is more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie .
In other words , it 's badder than bad .
Feels more like a rejected X-Files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .
Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as Whiffle-Ball epic .
A zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .
It does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .
While the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel it 's based upon , Queen Of The Damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
A tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
Stealing Harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
` Martin Lawrence Live ' is so self-pitying , I almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
Hate it because it 's lousy .
Like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create .
Disgusting .
Without any redeeming value whatsoever .
This thing is virtually unwatchable .
Feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .
The main characters are simply named The Husband , The Wife and The Kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .
In terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .
Swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
The characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
- spy action flick with Antonio Banderas and Lucy Liu never comes together .
A so-so , made-for-TV something posing as a real movie .
Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life .
Gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .
What a great shame that such a talented director as Chen Kaige has chosen to make his English-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .
No amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .
The nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
Koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
Clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
Rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
A banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .
A dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the Animal Planet documentary series , Crocodile Hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .
Sade achieves the near-impossible : It turns the Marquis de Sade into a dullard .
Unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
It should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .
Soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , XXX achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .
All the Queen 's Men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .
If you go , pack your knitting needles .
The lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that I ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .
It is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .
A period story about a Catholic boy who tries to help a Jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .
The premise itself is just SOOOOO tired .
Pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .
Each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
Less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .
An awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .
... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
The very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
( Hell is ) looking down at your watch and realizing Serving Sara is n't even halfway through .
Swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress Andie MacDowell .
You have no affinity for most of the characters .
An inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .
You 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why Lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
Movies like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
How about surprising us by trying something new ?
Final verdict : You 've seen it all before .
Further sad evidence that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .
You 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .
A full-frontal attack on audience patience .
Too bad none of it is funny .
... in the pile of useless actioners from MTV schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .
In addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
You can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
A word of advice to the makers of The Singles Ward : Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
Manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .
Does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival two years ago .
The plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .
... Blade II is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
Feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .
Characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .
If that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will .
It 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
Like the Tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
As pedestrian as they come .
It 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .
Very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
The attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .
A cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains ... Crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .
It 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .
A terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .
There are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .
Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish .
The worst film of the year .
... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .
I ca n't recommend it .
It sucked .
What we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .
Does n't add up to much .
One of the worst movies of the year .
Long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
One of the worst movies of the year .
Idiotic and ugly .
... hypnotically dull .
Thoroughly awful .
Truly terrible .
Bad movie .
Just plain bad .
( A ) soulless , stupid sequel ...
Execrable .
Banal and predictable .
Brisk hack job .
... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
... a pretentious mess ...
( A ) rather thinly-conceived movie .
Cinematic poo .
A dreary movie .
Pompous and garbled .
Utter mush ... conceited pap .
... overly melodramatic ...
Extremely bad .
Sluggish , tonally uneven .
Generic thriller junk .
What an embarrassment .
... irritating soul-searching garbage .
A relative letdown .
Aggravating and tedious .
under-rehearsed and lifeless
Laughably , irredeemably awful .
An awful snooze .
A less-than-thrilling thriller .
Black-and-white and unrealistic .
( U ) nrelentingly stupid .
Dramatically lackluster .
Stay away .
... a pretentious mess ...
Predictably soulless techno-tripe .
A half-assed film .
Abysmally pathetic
... unbearably lame .
( L ) ame and unnecessary .
( A ) crushing disappointment .
A major waste ... generic .
Boring and meandering .
A lame comedy .
Terrible .
Degenerates into hogwash .
Crummy .
Amazingly lame .
( A ) poorly executed comedy .
... really horrible drek .
Rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .
Staggeringly dreadful romance .
A real snooze .
Her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .
The plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
Absurdities and clichés accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel .
` The Château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
A clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men .
Buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled Mr. Chips off the Old Block .
The film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables .
's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( Woo 's ) best work .
It jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier .
After Collateral Damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned .
It recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera .
The plan to make Enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong .
For all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1\/2 - hour running time .
Stale and clichéd to a fault .
The threat implied in the title Pokémon 4ever is terrifying -- like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming .
Marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue .
It appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up .
If Hill is n't quite his generation 's Don Siegel ( or Robert Aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and cliché .
Son of the Bride may be a good half-hour too long but comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness .
One Hour Photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions ; it 's just too bad it does n't have more flashes of insight .
This is n't a new idea .
The modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals .
It 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .
An absurdist spider web .
By no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
It 's not a great monster movie .
Too often , Son of the Bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''
A party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .
Lookin ' for sin , American-style ?
Frida is n't that much different from many a Hollywood romance .
... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .
Despite its Hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of `` Lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script .
Although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything .
While some will object to the idea of a Vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , Soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
You might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead .
The movie is well done , but slow .
This Orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed .
Made to be Jaglomized is the Cannes Film Festival , the annual Riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money .
A droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the Lone Star State .
Imperfect ?
Watching a Brian DePalma movie is like watching an Alfred Hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .
The only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .
Though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way K-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .
With a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this Cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .
Though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves .
An obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ?
It is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
One Hour Photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin .
Not even Solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
Once the downward spiral comes to pass , Auto Focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...
A documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .
That the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .
... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere .
But , like Silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
While Scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` Gangs '' is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
There 's ... an underlying Old World sexism to Monday Morning that undercuts its charm .
There is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
... hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .
Even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , Spy Kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .
You emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .
This odd , distant Portuguese import more or less borrows from Bad Lieutenant and Les Vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film .
At times Auto Focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .
Schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .
If you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts .
Evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes .
The movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .
I do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version .
Offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in .
It 's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads .
As if trying to grab a lump of Play-Doh , the harder that Liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .
Why ?
Sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .
( Moore 's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions .
But ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .
It 's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
... Pray does n't have a passion for the material .
It 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .
The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional .
This starts off with a 1950 's Doris Day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast .
Parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '
It 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
A rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television .
It 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .
Take Care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length .
But it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .
The Quiet American is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
Suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .
You may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .
`` White Oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material .
It 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .
I 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .
The audacity to view one of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion .
It 's not the least of Afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .
Could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?
Who cares ? ) .
Solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
I am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .
... less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror .
As lively an account as Seinfeld is deadpan .
You could hate it for the same reason .
` Moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '
Though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
Until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
Daughter From Danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .
It does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .
This is not an easy film .
the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
... while Dark Water is n't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with Ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
In other words , it 's just another sports drama\/character study .
It irritates and saddens me that Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
Those seeking a definitive account of Eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .
Ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .
We do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .
Paul Cox needed to show it .
If Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances .
As underwater ghost stories go , Below casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the Bermuda Triangle .
The screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ...
If only it had the story to match .
It 's quite diverting nonsense .
Yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
You do n't need to know your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California .
To honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to American workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .
The story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired .
The film has a kind of hard , cold effect .
To get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of Dr. Freud .
For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
Although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a Lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of Middle America .
They just do n't work in concert .
In between all the emotional seesawing , it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .
That 's its first sign of trouble .
But it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .
Baran is shockingly devoid of your typical Majid Majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .
It 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless .
Eerily accurate depiction of depression .
While not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhere near as good as the original .
What 's infuriating about Full Frontal is that it 's too close to real life to make sense .
Lan Yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .
Noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , Hollywood moments to keep us
The events of the film are just so WEIRD that I honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .
Watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement .
Stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
Thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic .
Full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , Time Out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
It does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity .
Too much of Storytelling moves away from Solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries .
The film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose .
Without ( De Niro ) , City By The Sea would slip under the waves .
He thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .
Medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .
Nothing too deep or substantial .
Taken outside the context of the current political climate ( see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! )
What makes Esther Kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony .
Before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway .
Austin Powers in Goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
contrasting the original Ringu with the current Americanized adaptation is akin to comparing The Evil Dead with Evil Dead II
It wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt .
The movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true .
A brutally dry satire of Middle American numbness .
Grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
The thing about guys like Evans is this : You 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins .
Parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .
Devotees of Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best Next Generation episodes is lacking .
The main story ... is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
The Piano Teacher is not an easy film .
It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .
Can I admit XXX is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ?
You do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .
Sure , I hated myself in the morning .
But then again , I hate myself most mornings .
Time Out is as serious as a pink slip .
This New Zealand coming-of-age movie is n't really about anything .
There 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .
This is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .
Does n't do more than expand a TV show to movie length .
Not a strike against Yang 's similarly themed Yi Yi , but I found What Time ?
The Importance of Being Earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''
The film 's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature\/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
What Jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
Like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .
A soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes ... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of B-movie imagination .
A movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .
Well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
It 's like Rocky and Bullwinkle on Speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness .
The modern remake of Dumas 's story is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action .
Suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .
I wanted more .
Spider-Man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .
A visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .
I just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie .
is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
Where This was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , That is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
Steven Soderbergh does n't remake Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris so much as distill it .
I have a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy .
And adults will at least have a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .
Often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .
Although I did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .
With `` Ichi the Killer '' , Takashi Miike , Japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than Batman ...
Stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , LaBute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
Has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .
Insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion .
What might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .
But it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
Simplistic , silly and tedious .
Exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .
A visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .
The story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count .
Not so much farcical as sour .
Unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .
All the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject .
While the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour TV documentary .
While the ensemble player who gained notice in Guy Ritchie 's Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch has the bod , he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
There is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
Nothing here seems as funny as it did in Analyze This , not even Joe Viterelli as De Niro 's right-hand goombah .
Here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit Sascha .
This 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .
On its own , it 's not very interesting .
The criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...
The movie 's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story .
Payami tries to raise some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .
The only surprise is that heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis agreed to produce this ; I assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear .
Another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s American sports movie .
With flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , Undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .
Stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .
Equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and Farenheit 451 .
Imagine the CleanFlicks version of ` Love Story , ' with Ali MacGraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .
PC stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
Forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
An odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .
Though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .
Unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
Mattei 's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .
Is n't as sharp as the original ... Despite some visual virtues , ` Blade II ' just does n't cut it .
Maybe LeBlanc thought , `` Hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''
Too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .
There 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .
The things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .
Deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
One can only assume that the jury who bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
Sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
The script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .
A portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .
The code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .
Feels like a cold old man going through the motions .
Dignified CEO 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .
There 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
Beware the quirky Brit-com .
The gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .
Narratively , Trouble Every Day is a plodding mess .
There 's no point in extracting the bare bones of Byatt 's plot for purposes of bland Hollywood romance .
Adam Sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
Despite engaging offbeat touches , Knockaround Guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .
The movie is a mess from start to finish .
The trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .
Some episodes work , some do n't .
Rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
Off the Hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director Adam Watstein with finishing it at all .
The problem is that Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .
None of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .
A processed comedy chop suey .
Full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .
The movie , like Bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
With its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... Margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
A dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any Hollywood fluff .
Even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
What with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .
Plodding , peevish and gimmicky .
The direction , by George Hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .
( H ) ad I suffered and bled on the hard ground of Ia Drang , I 'd want something a bit more complex than We Were Soldiers to be remembered by .
Occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
Putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a Pandora 's Box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .
This movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
With or without ballast tanks , K-19 sinks to a Harrison Ford low .
This 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .
It leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .
I found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as Vincent became more and more abhorrent .
It is n't scary .
It hates its characters .
It finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
The skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .
Just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .
A cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .
An achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .
It 's Tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too .
If you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign .
An EXIT sign , that is .
The dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .
Bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
With the exception of McCoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park .
A not-so-Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood with a hefty helping of Re-Fried Green Tomatoes .
This cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .
Star Trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy .
Puts on airs of a Hal Hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .
Ver Wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless .
Although Disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual .
A sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .
You 'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter ... '
Gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .
The results are far more alienating than involving .
Bogdanich is unashamedly pro-Serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .
` It looks good , Sonny , but you missed the point . '
During The Tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` Chan moment ' .
It 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .
The film can depress you about life itself .
The acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line .
Its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .
Sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
At 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .
Start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .
An alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets .
It winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , I think ) for something fresh to say .
A big fat pain .
An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .
Though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .
Although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another Major League .
With a tone as variable as the cinematography , Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
Cuba Gooding Jr. valiantly mugs his way through Snow Dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy .
Diane Lane 's sophisticated performance ca n't rescue Adrian Lyne 's Unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .
This remake of Lina Wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John and Bo Derek made the ridiculous Bolero .
The basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
The Pool drowned me in boredom .
It 's like an all-star salute to Disney 's cheesy commercialism .
Some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .
There 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .
As saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
As is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , Mr. Murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
The mystery of Enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .
The inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid .
It 's not only dull because we 've seen ( Eddie ) Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
While it is interesting to witness the conflict from the Palestinian side , Longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
Woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg got it right the first time ?
Why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free ?
There 's no good answer to that one .
There 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
This is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
Klein , charming in comedies like American Pie and dead-on in Election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .
It 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .
The direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why .
There are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending .
After all , it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
They kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book .
Just because A Walk to Remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls .
It 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through .
This dreadfully earnest inversion of the Concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .
The script by Vincent R. Nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .
Since Dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
The trappings of I Spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .
What starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film .
In the wake of Saving Private Ryan , Black Hawk Down and We Were Soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine .
Really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .
Cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace .
And if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .
If you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !
Directed without the expected flair or imagination by Hong Kong master John Woo , Windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
The movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story , Minac drains his movie of all individuality .
Just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense .
The setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .
As an entertainment destination for the general public , Kung Pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .
This misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand .
But for the most part , The Weight of Water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
This film biggest problem ?
No laughs .
Viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for Holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout .
Throw Smoochy from the train !
A light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .
Nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .
77 minutes of Pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does .
The one not-so-small problem with Expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .
A movie you observe , rather than one you enter into .
Stale first act , Scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes .
Unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .
A film that loses sight of its own story .
The movie is as padded as Allen 's jelly belly .
Resident Evil is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an MTV , sugar hysteria , and PlayStation cocktail .
Resembles a soft porn Brian De Palma pastiche .
It 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .
But I had a lot of problems with this movie .
All movie long , City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast .
However sincere it may be , The Rising Place never quite justifies its own existence .
Parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
The script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .
The film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work .
It 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .
Despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , The Man Who Wrote Rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
Swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .
See Clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .
It 's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil ' Bow Wow .
Cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .
The Good Girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .
Just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .
Only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm .
Anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning .
It makes me feel weird \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ Like puppies with broken legs \/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens
While easier to sit through than most of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .
A generic international version of a typical American horror film .
... while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of Shakespeare 's Macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
Lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .
Yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...
Surprisingly , considering that Baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .
Just as the lousy Tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation .
The movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing .
shows Holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .
Ultimately ... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .
A piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable .
The movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .
What little grace ( Rifkin 's ) tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .
Falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice .
Low rent from frame one .
Eight Legged Freaks ?
Laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .
None of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if Woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .
There 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .
I 've had more interesting -- and , dare I say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
When a movie asks you to feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life , it already has one strike against it .
... hokey art house pretension .
Gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or laugh .
A baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside Danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the Bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative .
Silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another .
The town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .
... too sappy for its own good .
As the Mediterranean sparkles , ` Swept Away ' sinks .
Every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .
It all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .
Feels shrill , simple and soapy .
Adults , other than the parents ... will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild .
In the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , The Emperor 's Club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
No amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas .
Empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .
There may have been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day , '' but it is not what is on the screen .
Unfortunately , Carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg .
There 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .
And for all the wrong reasons besides .
A zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking Morlocks .
You leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .
With McConaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
In theory , a middle-aged romance pairing Clayburgh and Tambor sounds promising , but in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .
So mind-numbingly awful that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .
If Welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
Weirdly , Broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
A few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks .
... contains very few laughs and even less surprises .
The actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
There 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
The Tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad ' .
Blue Crush is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be .
The sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give Blade fans another look at Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once .
It 's such a mechanical endeavor ( that ) it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .
If the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .
Ultimately , in the history of the Academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 .
Zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
A seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director Kurt Wimmer at the screenplay level .
A pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .
Its plot and animation offer daytime TV serviceability , but little more .
A tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .
Human Nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart .
Instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .
Simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn .
The Master of Disguise represents Adam Sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .
Too silly to take seriously .
Everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .
As a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George leaves something to be desired .
A non-Britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .
A rather tired exercise in nostalgia .
Some Body often looks like an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .
Bad Company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .
Predecessors The Mummy and The Mummy Returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to The Scorpion King .
Despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from Kathryn Bigelow , The Weight of Water is oppressively heavy .
Nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .
Apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .
The weird thing about The Santa Clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .
Contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .
It still feels like a prison stretch .
The overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th Heaven . ''
Just a Kiss is a just a waste .
As if Drop Dead Gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .
A wretched movie that reduces the Second World War to one man 's quest to find an old flame .
This is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
There 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .
No better or worse than ` Truth or Consequences , N.M. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic Mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a Western backwater .
I can imagine this movie as a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .
And in a sense , that 's a liability .
It 's easy to love Robin Tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .
If you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
The new film of Anton Chekhov 's The Cherry Orchard puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . '
If I want music , I 'll buy the soundtrack .
If I want a real movie , I 'll buy the Criterion DVD .
Writer-director Stephen Gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the English call ` too clever by half . '
Pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .
... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .
With Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller `` New Best Friend '' , who needs enemies ?
Just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .
Hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .
An uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .
The film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves Blue Crush waterlogged .
The images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
There are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .
In the end , The Weight of Water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries . '
A straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .
Glizty but formulaic and silly ... Cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .
The re - enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .
Is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic ?
Once again , director Chris Columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
Serving Sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .
Too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
It never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .
It labours as storytelling .
A really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .
Lawrence should stick to his day job .
I never thought I 'd say this , but I 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies !
The plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution .
Too bad Maggio could n't come up with a better script .
Much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .
Rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories .
At best , Cletis Tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
Witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic .
Not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at .
Whatever satire Lucky Break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
The package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic .
Guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .
Wildly incompetent but brilliantly named Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal pessimists : Totally Past His Prime .
The film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...
For all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian .
This mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , John C. Walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .
A bit too eager to please .
You 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than Leon ) .
Kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .
Animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .
One scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud .
Jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from Nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .
An incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .
The only thing I laughed at were the people who paid to see it .
All of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director George Hickenlooper 's approach to the material is too upbeat .
The hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .
Then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees .
Possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .
Befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
The movie would seem less of a trifle if Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .
It 's just not very smart .
Like the excruciating End of Days , Collateral Damage presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .
Sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
After a while , Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .
This wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie I 've seen this summer .
It 's drab .
It squanders Chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander Jennifer Love Hewitt !
The movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny Phonce and his several silly subplots .
This tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same .
Forget the Psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore .
I suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .
The film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .
For all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only Caine making much of an impression .
A sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .
Hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .
By the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived .
Watching Queen of the Damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in .
I ca n't remember the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops .
Too much of Nemesis has a tired , talky feel .
I felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .
Leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .
A soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties .
works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making
Feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .
Viewers of Barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .
Sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
The Piano Teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
Sadly , Full Frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
Clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up .
Supposedly , Pokemon ca n't be killed , but Pokemon 4Ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .
White has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
Hmmm ... might I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?
The makers of Mothman Prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
How this one escaped the Lifetime network I 'll never know .
Could n't someone take Rob Schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?
One of these days Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .
For all its brilliant touches , Dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
I have to admit that I am baffled by Jason X.
Instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos .
This is a film living far too much in its own head .
Dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
-- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .
Drowning 's too good for this sucker .
An instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .
Frankly , it 's pretty stupid .
But there 's plenty to offend everyone ...
Love Liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .
Too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , Vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .
Consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire .
Sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .
Heavy with flabby rolls of typical Toback machinations .
Snow Dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
Whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .
Reggio and Glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that Glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .
Ends up offering nothing more than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone flick would .
If The Tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .
Parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .
Has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape .
A pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between XXX and Vertical Limit .
Britney Spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .
But it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .
Twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him .
It should have stayed there .
But the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .
The most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .
There 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but Brooms is n't it .
Has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting .
Bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as Spider-Man does to the experiences of most teenagers .
Toward the end Sum of All Fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
Mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .
Like the Hanks character , he 's a slow study : The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .
An empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .
If you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors ( Dawson Leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie .
Trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible .
While Solondz tries and tries hard , Storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
With very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like Swimming With Sharks and The Player , this latest skewering ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike .
( Davis ) wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters .
Without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4Ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .
Being unique does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .
A few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies .
I 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year .
A backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .
It 's got the brawn , but not the brains .
Mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .
( T ) oo many of these gross out scenes ...
About one in three gags in White 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook .
Little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .
One of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .
` Christian Bale 's Quinn ( is ) a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like Gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
In the era of The Sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
The overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .
Breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .
If only Merchant paid more attention the story .
... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .
A simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something .
Everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .
A domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches .
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
The end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .
I was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
Ignoring that , he made Swimfan anyway
Naipaul fans may be disappointed .
Those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .
Hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .
If you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .
Full Frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters .
A baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise .
An affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , Miss Congeniality .
Like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy .
An admitted egomaniac , Evans is no Hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of Don Simpson .
The audience when I saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack .
Everyone 's to blame here .
You get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .
Less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .
Rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .
But what is missing from it all is a moral .
Why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?
Formulaic to the 51st power , more like .
Howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by Howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject .
Comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire .
Offers absolutely nothing I had n't already seen .
Suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .
Complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold .
Could as easily have been called ` Under Siege 3 : In Alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .
Lame Sweet Home leaves no Southern stereotype unturned .
But mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
In its chicken heart , Crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
The film is flat .
The movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .
An unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity .
Do we really need the Tiger Beat version ?
This Bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .
The problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .
When the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails .
The elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .
An unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .
Queen of the Damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .
This toothless Dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen .
Not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as Wonder Bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us : It preaches .
It 's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .
Serving Sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .
At some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
Despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable
Meyjes 's movie , like Max Rothman 's future , does not work .
What 's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .
Schneidermeister ... Makin ' a fool of himself ... Losin ' his fan base ...
Not once does it come close to being exciting .
Needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .
It 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
I 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .
Cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .
The bottom line , at least in my opinion , is Imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .
It is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .
Unless you 're a fanatic , the best advice is : ` Scooby ' do n't .
A cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .
If you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll need a stronger stomach than us .
Shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera .
Contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin .
Nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks .
This is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic .
The movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .
A jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages .
A sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .
We hate ( Madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground .
Sounding like Arnold Schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , ( Ahola ) has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .
Two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .
And as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
Too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .
Apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .
Despite Auteuil 's performance , it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
Never comes together as a coherent whole .
An unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode .
First , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
And second , what 's with all the shooting ?
There is something in Full Frontal , I guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see .
Plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed story .
A mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .
An average B-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .
The plot is plastered with one Hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .
A film that suffers because of its many excesses .
Too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .
In any case , I would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris .
But even then , I 'd recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes .
Nijinsky says , ' I know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
` CQ may one day be fondly remembered as Roman Coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
Instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
This action-thriller\/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .
That 's because relatively nothing happens .
Blue Crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .
Boyd 's screenplay ( co-written with Guardian hack Nick Davies ) has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to Guy Ritchie than the Bard of Avon .
There 's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
Jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
A moving picture that does not move .
Romething 's really wrong with this ricture !
Its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary .
` God help us , but Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
Is it a comedy ?
A cartoon ?
No. .
And that is where Ararat went astray .
It 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .
Has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness .
Eight Legged Freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...
It gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .
Who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?
A kilted Jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces .
Starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .
The film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .
The only question ... is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .
Average , at best , I 'm afraid .
This movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad .
Love may have been in the air onscreen , but I certainly was n't feeling any of it .
The very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . ''
The movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
Worthy of the gong .
While certainly more naturalistic than its Australian counterpart , Amari 's film falls short in building the drama of Lilia 's journey .
I found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
The soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .
The movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth .
As inept as big-screen remakes of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West .
Moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .
For those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new Star Wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .
The director mostly plays it straight , turning Leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
Though Frida is easier to swallow than Julie Taymor 's preposterous Titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .
The whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .
Billy Crystal and Robert De Niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .
It 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .
If you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .
The story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .
This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .
Aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash .
None of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .
A series of immaculately composed shots of Patch Adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie .
At a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , Collateral Damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
You can taste it , but there 's no fizz .
There 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .
But they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .
It 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .
Jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .
Outside of Burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken
Let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... Ghost Blimp ?
A fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
Wes Craven 's presence is felt ; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend . '
But the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
It 's one long bore .
It gets old quickly .
Watch Barbershop again if you 're in need of a Cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through .
It 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .
... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
Skip this dreck , rent Animal House and go back to the source .
It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .
We just do n't really care too much about this love story .
The Transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull .
Uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...
But this time , the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better .
Feels familiar and tired .
A retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by Martin Scorsese .
A bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .
An uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on Philip K. Dick stories .
An authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .
As the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , ( Franco ) has all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .
` Synthetic ' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree .
It concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt .
Impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
Judd 's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller Smart Women , Foolish Choices for advice .
The script has less spice than a rat burger and The Rock 's fighting skills are more in line with Steven Seagal .
... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .
Does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez .
It 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of Janice Beard ( Eileen Walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant .
This is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .
Just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .
Morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating .
But unless you 're an absolute raving Star Wars junkie , it is n't much fun .
A standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for De Niro 's participation , would have likely wound up a TNT Original .
Coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , Circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
Hollywood Ending just is n't very funny .
Though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
A technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .
Coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings .
A clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .
The whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... ( it ) comes off like a Hallmark commercial .
What 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor .
The nicest thing that can be said about Stealing Harvard ( which might have been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog ) is that it 's not as obnoxious as Tom Green 's Freddie Got Fingered .
... Tara Reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant , so I do n't know what she 's doing in here ...
The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .
Normally , Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .
This picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer .
But the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
A Blair Witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast .
It is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .
The plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling .
An ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .
Brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , Deuces Wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism .
Gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .
Like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .
Its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and the action scenes are poorly delivered .
Hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the Halloween series has lost its edge .
The story the movie tells is of Brian De Palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .
With tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .
It sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .
Ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?
Quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
Shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
Simply a re-hash of the other seven films .
He fails .
Goes on and on to the point of nausea .
By turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .
One problem with the movie , directed by Joel Schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .
... a bland , pretentious mess .
It 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .
A bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .
If religious films are n't your bailiwick , stay away .
Otherwise , this could be a passable date film .
Stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .
It is most of the things Costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .
Do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that Hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .
Chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack .
To be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .
Instead of panoramic sweep , Kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .
The director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in ( the characters ' ) misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .
This dubious product of a college-spawned ( Colgate U. ) comedy ensemble known as Broken Lizard plays like a mix of Cheech and Chong and CHiPs .
The movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .
With minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
Nights feels more like a quickie TV special than a feature film ... It 's not even a TV special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break .
Although ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
Friday After Next is the kind of film that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans .
It 's not as awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor .
One-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation .
The corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .
As violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .
This is a truly , truly bad movie .
Believability was n't one of the film 's virtues .
The Santa Clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .
Kung Pow is Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
Busy urban comedy is clearly not Zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
Not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since The Bad News Bears has been ?
A movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from Leroy 's delusions to escape their maudlin influence .
- greaseballs mob action-comedy .
Louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother Hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense .
The movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short .
Try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde .
In The New Guy , even the bull gets recycled .
On top of a foundering performance , ( Madonna 's ) denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
He 's not good with people .
Patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .
( Stevens is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
It 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .
When not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .
Ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .
Trying to figure out the rules of the Country Bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax Einstein 's brain .
Even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
Rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .
Too intensely focused on the travails of being Hal Hartley to function as pastiche , No Such Thing is Hartley 's least accessible screed yet .
Director Uwe Boll and writer Robert Dean Klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters .
The fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .
A little weak -- and it is n't that funny .
While it is welcome to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , Lan Yu never catches dramatic fire .
The script boasts some tart TV-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy .
One suspects that Craven endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .
Includes too much obvious padding .
Spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .
Conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences .
Looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of Scarface or Carlito 's Way .
The script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .
Suffers from all the excesses of the genre .
The verdict : Two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .
While the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
They ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .
It 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .
Pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of God in the fifth Trek flick .
A horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness .
It 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .
They 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .
Elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .
Were Dylan Thomas alive to witness first-time director Ethan Hawke 's strained Chelsea Walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Theatre . '
The story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .
I 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point .
The film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .
Murder by Numbers just does n't add up .
Clare Peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little American Pie-like irreverence .
Video games are more involving than this mess .
A pale Xerox of other , better crime movies .
Illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller .
A perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .
The adventure does n't contain half the excitement of Balto , or quarter the fun of Toy Story 2 .
A mess .
The screenplay does too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen .
The screenplay by James Eric , James Horton and director Peter O'Fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
Seems like something American and European gay movies were doing 20 years ago .
In the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director Roger Kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .
... del Toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
The movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .
A movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .
Too predictably , in fact .
Alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but Ayurveda does the field no favors .
More dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .
Laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
The comedy Death to Smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .
Barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .
Cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing Avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .
Nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .
The fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point .
Feels less like a cousin to Blade Runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series .
If Oscar had a category called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful But Was n't , Guys would probably be duking it out with The Queen of the Damned for the honor .
Mediocre fable from Burkina Faso .
Bottom-rung New Jack City wannabe .
Fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience .
It 's mildly amusing , but I certainly ca n't recommend it .
Fear Dot Com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
Full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , Kung Pow !
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .
There are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .
Lacking substance and soul , Crossroads comes up shorter than Britney 's cutoffs .
Cassavetes thinks he 's making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .
Although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
After all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
An unencouraging threefold expansion on the former MTV series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .
Its well of thorn and vinegar ( and simple humanity ) has long been plundered by similar works featuring the insight and punch this picture so conspicuously lacks .
I 've always dreamed of attending Cannes , but after seeing this film , it 's not that big a deal .
If any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...
The humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant .
Sam Mendes has become valedictorian at the School for Soft Landings and Easy Ways Out .
Both deserve better .
I do n't think so .
Nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .
There is very little dread or apprehension , and though I like the creepy ideas , they are not executed with anything more than perfunctory skill .
Moderately involving despite bargain-basement photography and hackneyed romance .
What 's worse is that Pelosi knows it .
... instead go rent `` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance .
The story really has no place to go since Simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict .
IHOPs do n't pile on this much syrup .
` Unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
Too bad .
Frenetic but not really funny .
Aspires for the piquant but only really achieves a sort of ridiculous sourness .
No thanks .
Wewannour money back , actually .
Often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .
The advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap .
Any rock pile will do for a set .
The performances are so leaden , Michael Rymer 's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud .
Lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .
Well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons .
The situations and jokes are as predictable and as lowbrow as the endless pratfalls the boys take in their high heels .
A very average science fiction film .
An uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously .
Rainy days and movies about the disintegration of families always get me down .
Gooding and Coburn are both Oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable .
At every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it
Jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company .
Although God Is Great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
First-timer John McKay is never able to pull it back on course .
Godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .
The movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .
The story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .
It 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where Human Nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating .
What 's really sad is to see two Academy Award winning actresses ( and one Academy Award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best .
Where their heads were is anyone 's guess .
Call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message .
A painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than Clyde Barrow 's car .
Like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .
Feels less like a change in ( Herzog 's ) personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .
Will anyone who is n't a Fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?
A selection of scenes in search of a movie .
( Janey ) forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution , but American audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .
( Evans is ) a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
Limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .
Just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .
The redeeming feature of Chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in The Tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine .
While The Importance of Being Earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .
A rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .
It 's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there Tolstoy groupies out there ?
This is a movie that starts out like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable .
The screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .
I think it was Plato who said , ' I think , therefore I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '
If Damon and Affleck attempt another Project Greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
This is rote drivel aimed at Mom and Dad 's wallet .
The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books .
This insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering .
It 's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary .
Almost as offensive as `` Freddy Got Fingered . ''
The gifted Crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .
Ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .
Cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .
Reign of Fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .
Originality is sorely lacking .
Though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .
There might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?
Nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .
It all seemed wasted like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk .
( I ) t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but Barbershop is n't as funny as it should be .
Unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various New York City locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
Excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .
The film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down .
It does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .
Though Impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb .
Every note rings false .
When the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .
It never rises to its clever what-if concept .
This story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .
This angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in Ordinary People .
About half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal .
A big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .
El Crimen Del Padre Amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-Catholic protestors .
But seriously , folks , it does n't work .
There 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right .
The action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises .
I could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .
What Madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .
( A ) painfully flat gross-out comedy ...
It 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .
I 'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment .
The film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .
Obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential .
There 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery .
It drowns in sap .
It 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious .
I 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .
There 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .
The modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .
It 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
Uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .
Director Jay Russell stomps in hobnail boots over Natalie Babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .
The troubling thing about Clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .
Kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
A rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .
The material and the production itself are little more than routine .
The movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .
The Mothman Prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .
That frenetic spectacle ( on the TV show ) has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout .
For all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them .
Yet another Arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .
Sandra Bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
There is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .
Broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .
( Seagal 's ) strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year 's Razzie .
A series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .
It made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire .
Some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever , were made for the palm screen .
SC2 is an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both .
Seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight .
Suffers from a flat script and a low budget .
Its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock ( since Sept. 11 ) .
Like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through , the characters in Swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
One big blustery movie where nothing really happens .
Like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , Comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .
The pairing does sound promising in theory ... but their lack of chemistry makes Eddie Murphy and Robert DeNiro in Showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners .
I could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay .
The rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .
Roman Polanski directs The Pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .
This is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .
Even if it is generally amusing from time to time , I Spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
Much like Robin Williams , Death to Smoochy has already reached its expiration date .
A worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school TV special .
Ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .
Schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .
Like Showgirls and Glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .
While some of the camera work is interesting , the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
It 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .
Impostor is a step down for director Gary Fleder .
The movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents .
Lacks dramatic punch and depth .
Sadly , ` Garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne . '
The first hour is tedious though Ford and Neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .
Here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .
( Green is ) the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
No amount of good acting is enough to save Oleander 's uninspired story .
Murphy and Wilson actually make a pretty good team ... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote .
A small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours ( and , for that matter , Shrek ) .
The holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .
Officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .
Halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles .
It 's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy .
Follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .
Has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...
Vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much .
Kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
A manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .
Time stands still in more ways that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
A puzzle whose pieces do not fit .
Would that Greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility .
` Butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
In the wrong hands , i.e. Peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
An inexperienced director , Mehta has much to learn .
A gushy episode of `` M \* A \* S \* H '' only this time from an Asian perspective .
`` Looking For Leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .
Nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .
Good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like Clueless Does South Fork .
entertaining enough , but nothing new
... one resurrection too many .
This is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .
Even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached .
In spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .
A timid , soggy near miss .
Works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever .
To the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .
Shunji Iwai 's All About Lily Chou Chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in Japan .
With more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie .
Though Harris is affecting at times , he can not overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
The movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .
This is not a Jackie Chan movie .
It 's just a movie that happens to have Jackie Chan in it .
The problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .
I do n't think this movie loves women at all .
A negligible British comedy .
Fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .
Trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` Gadzooks ! ''
Like the world of his film , Hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
No new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through .
Needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism .
A waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .
The film is ultimately about as inspiring as a Hallmark card .
Anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .
Disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .
Yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-Brits genre that was ushered in by The Full Monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .
Femme Fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .
Are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue ?
Fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .
Imagine Susan Sontag falling in love with Howard Stern .
Should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .
These guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .
Director David Fincher and writer David Koepp ca n't sustain it .
Director Shekhar Kapur and screenwriters Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .
Devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered CGI effects .
The script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .
Hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .
The film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking .
I also believe that Resident Evil is not it .
It has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .
This is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .
Lazily directed by Charles Stone III ... from a leaden script by Matthew Cirulnick and novelist Thulani Davis .
Barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .
One senses in World Traveler and in his earlier film that Freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .
These characters become wearisome .
A hit - and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as Cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .
This may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
Kim Ki-Deok seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
Despite its sincere acting , Signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
Qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .
Well , Jason 's gone to Manhattan and Hell , I guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) .
Donovan ... squanders his main asset , Jackie Chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences .
Leaks treacle from every pore .
Kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .
Blue Crush is as predictable as the tides .
... The movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
Trouble Every Day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead .
A well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .
... while the humor aspects of ` Jason X ' were far more entertaining than I had expected , everything else about the film tanks .
Like an Afterschool Special with costumes by Gianni Versace , Mad Love looks better than it feels .
A thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .
The film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .
An excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay .
How many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?
There are some laughs in this movie , but Williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak .
The filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about .
The whole thing 's fairly lame , making it par for the course for Disney sequels .
... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .
... the good and different idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` Never Again . ''
If Disney 's Cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then Cinderella II proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .
A spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .
None of Birthday Girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...
Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but Love Liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .
The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and Esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .
It 's exactly the kind of movie Toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .
With the dog days of August upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .
This rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .
Takes a clunky TV-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker .
Collapses under its own meager weight .
Technically and artistically inept .
Those who are only mildly curious , I fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .
Though Tom Shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
Death might be a release .
`` ( Hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
No , even that 's too committed .
Sodden and glum , even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light .
A beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '
Even with its $ 50-million US budget , Pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
This is a third-person story now , told by Hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .
Written , flatly , by David Kendall and directed , barely , by There 's Something About Mary co-writer Ed Decter .
You leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .
It 's depressing to see how far Herzog has fallen .
Millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .
`` Freaky Friday , '' it 's not .
Perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
Although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
The characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of Scooter .
Somewhere inside the mess that is World Traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
An artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike .
... expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .
Sad nonsense , this .
One of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .
The movie wavers between Hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .
The director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .
While the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull , Rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
They threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
Reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script
The darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil .
Never does `` Lilo & Stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan . ''
One of those so-so films that could have been much better .
Fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .
Interview With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch Project real-time roots .
Cacoyannis ' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .
It has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
It 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .
Abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .
( T ) he film is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .
... another example of how Sandler is losing his touch .
What goes on for the 110 minutes of `` Panic Room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .
The plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .
Schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ...
Its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .
By the final whistle you 're convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic .
Pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .
Some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .
It 's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
A waterlogged version of ` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .
Sweet gentle Jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?
This is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .
Where Tom Green stages his gags as assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , Jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
The April 2002 instalment of the American War for Independence , complete with loads of CGI and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood .
Contains all the substance of a Twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing .
Return to Neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill Disney sequel intended for the home video market .
It 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .
The colorful Masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .
Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted .
( Soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness .
So aggressively cheery that Pollyana would reach for a barf bag .
Scooby-Doo does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .
Russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of Sommers 's title-bout features .
A listless and desultory affair .
Represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .
Helmer Hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .
Every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable .
This is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like Them !
At three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
If you recognize Zeus ( the dog from Snatch ) it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
All the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .
A cross between Blow and Boyz N The Hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .
The screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .
Despite its promising cast of characters , Big Trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '
Does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .
Just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .
Fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .
There 's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title .
Go , girls , right down the reality drain .
Boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , Impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .
Can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .
An imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .
Too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .
` Matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy .
Why would anyone cast the magnificent Jackie Chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?
A grating , emaciated flick .
Unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .
We have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .
Ararat feels like a book report
Steve Oedekerk is , alas , no Woody Allen .
A lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .
Shows that Jackie Chan is getting older , and that 's something I would rather live in denial about
This is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
The problem with the mayhem in Formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
Told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
A feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .
This mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .
( The kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow .
Scherfig , who has had a successful career in TV , tackles more than she can handle .
Just consider what New Best Friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
Oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material
They just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .
Carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , Chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master . '
Sometimes makes less sense than the Bruckheimeresque American action flicks it emulates .
One of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .
The whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break .
Well made but uninvolving , Bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
So we got Ten Little Indians meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat .
The movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .
Kids do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people .
It 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .
In one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes .
The premise of `` Abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess .
A little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon Wedding serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the Bollywood films .
Unless Bob Crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .
The lousy John Q all but spits out Denzel Washington 's fine performance in the title role .
The film is so packed with subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film .
Opera on film is never satisfactory .
It is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
The Sweetest Thing leaves an awful sour taste .
It 's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
Terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .
A low-rent retread of the Alien pictures .
Its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .
A big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .
The story has little wit and no surprises .
The Merchant-Ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
A little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .
... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .
as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .
Plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .
A puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .
Just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
A little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium .
There 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .
The biggest problem with Satin Rouge is Lilia herself .
A potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .
Woody Allen used to ridicule movies like Hollywood Ending .
Been there done that .
There is only so much baked cardboard I need to chew .
A movie like The Guys is why film criticism can be considered work .
Even if it made its original release date last fall , it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .
We can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .
... Liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
Too bad .
This romantic\/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
Squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , Burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .
It has no affect on the Kurds , but it wore me down .
A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .
Comes off like a bad imitation of the Bard .
A movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' like whether compromise is the death of self ... this Orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people .
If Festival in Cannes nails hard - boiled Hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .
The movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .
I have n't seen such self-amused trash since Freddy Got Fingered .
Little more than a well-mounted history lesson .
The film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
When it comes to the battle of Hollywood vs. Woo , it looks like Woo 's a P.O.W.
The Chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film .
Content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .
The movie turns out to be ( Assayas ' ) homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness .
Its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack , might have made a point or two regarding life .
( Seems ) even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .
Neither as scary-funny as Tremors nor demented-funny as Starship Troopers , the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price .
If swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .
The Master of Disguise may have made a great Saturday Night Live sketch , but a great movie it is not .
Unfortunately , that 's precisely what Arthur Dong 's Family Fundamentals does .
Like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
Something must have been lost in the translation .
Becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any Plympton film : boring .
In the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .
Chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .
Rock 's stand-up magic wanes .
Action - mechanical .
For casual moviegoers who stumble into Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek , they 'll probably run out screaming .
The biggest problem I have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her Esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
Plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing The Scorpion King .
But how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .
Whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet T-shirt and shower scenes .
What a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .
Does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past Seagal films .
Mostly , Shafer and co-writer Gregory Hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .
No cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces Wild .
Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good .
Strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .
There 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .
It 's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's .
There 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups .
We 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
The film has ( its ) moments , but they are few and far between .
... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental .
Brosnan 's finest non-Bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .
To me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
Flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up .
ZigZag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted .
How can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?
In truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) .
Nicks and Steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try .
Episode II -- Attack of the Clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .
The problem with all of this : It 's not really funny .
( Denis ' ) bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .
Wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
Overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .
The mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . '
Translation : ` We do n't need to try very hard . '
It takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about .
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades
The author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .
Writer-director Walter Hill and co-writer David Giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .
A cockeyed shot all the way .
Lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .
The film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
Seems like someone going through the motions .
For a film about explosions and death and spies , `` Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .
Well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies .
Choppy , overlong documentary about ` The Lifestyle . '
A film which presses familiar Herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .
The story itself is actually quite vapid .
It 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the Dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s .
A few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and Jordan Brady 's direction is prosaic .
Each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .
That neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .
In old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , Ms. Shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .
Solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
It is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment .
Upper Teens may get cynical .
While this film has an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , Vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .
Most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river .
The movie is about as deep as that sentiment .
I 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but Lil Bow Wow takes the cake .
But it was n't .
For a film about action , Ultimate X is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
... a low rate Annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan , and weirdo actor Crispin Glover screwing things up old school .
The picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain .
A nearly 21\/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent .
Gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic .
With a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , Personal Velocity seems to be idling in neutral .
Does n't really add up to much .
It 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind .
An entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
A prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .
Borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion .
It 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .
The characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .
Sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor Hermocrates and Leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .
It 's like a drive-by .
You can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .
Everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .
Stress ` dumb . '
When your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?
A fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .
Too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .
There 's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale .
The type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy ) genre a bad name .
Unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .
When the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
Just is n't as weird as it ought to be .
A `` Home Alone '' film that is staged like `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .
( Siegel ) and co-writers Lisa Bazadona and Grace Woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround Frankie .
A sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .
The movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''
tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting . ''
Anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .
The problem with The Bread , My Sweet is that it 's far too sentimental .
Never inspires more than an interested detachment .
Despite slick production values and director Roger Michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
Pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .
A supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .
Two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .
These are textbook lives of quiet desperation .
Claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem .
Feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .
Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic .
It follows the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .
Phoned-in business as usual .
Like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .
As original and insightful as last week 's episode of Behind the Music .
The Christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it
It 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .
Tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span .
I did n't find much fascination in the swinging .
What they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .
The acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff .
But no. .
Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and Snow Dogs deserves every single one of them .
Tedious Norwegian offering which somehow snagged an Oscar nomination .
A dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .
Though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful .
What starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
Exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .
Seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .
While American Adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
Imagine a film that begins as a Seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .
Costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink Laurence Olivier .
It 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate .
Set in a 1986 Harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in New York .
The chocolate factory without Charlie .
Long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .
Hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .
Deserving of its critical backlash and more .
Still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
The Sum of All Fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) .
The movie spends more time with Schneider than with newcomer McAdams , even though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his .
This low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the Farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .
May offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .
If you 're not fans of the adventues of Steve and Terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake .
Cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
Solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me .
More tiring than anything .
Nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself .
... the efforts of its star , Kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .
A good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground .
Is n't it a bit early in his career for director Barry Sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ?
Overly long and worshipful bio-doc .
Writer-director Ritchie reduces Wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon .
Everything about Girls Ca n't Swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .
Feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake .
The script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .
A disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .
Director Elie Chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?
Dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation .
An occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .
What could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
The movie is like Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot .
Nevertheless , it still seems endless .
It 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .
Is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?
It 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman .
Not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .
Plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .
The truth about Charlie is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .
So exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .
An awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work .
The latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen .
Snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .
Ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than Wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous .
Rosenthal ( Halloween II ) seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .
Even Murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort .
A sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .
Some Body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .
Only masochistic moviegoers need apply .
A movie that 's held captive by mediocrity .
David Spade as Citizen Kane ?
The problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .
It 's a Frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .
Upper West Sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
I ca n't say this enough : This movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .
It 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex .
After a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
The film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .
Often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time Is It There ?
into How Long Is This Movie ?
Too bad Kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .
Deuces Wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
An awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .
Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh .
This is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .
These self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation .
The fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of Demme 's good films does n't bode well for the rest of it .
Richard Pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but Lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold .
... built on the premise that middle-class Arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids .
Like a grinning Jack O ' Lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
... familiar and predictable , and 4\/5ths of it might as well have come from a Xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) Franc .
Give Shapiro , Goldman , and Bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour .
plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure Hollywood .
McTiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .
High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue .
The explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me .
The crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .
I wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .
The superior plotline is n't quite enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other .
The film does n't really care about the thousands of Americans who die hideously , it cares about how Ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA .
Adrift , Bentley and Hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as Ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .
After an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .
` Linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... '
It 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
Like its title character , Esther Kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
The star who helped give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` The Sum of All Fears . ''
Snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .
( The film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of Tom Green and the Farrelly Brothers .
Things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content .
Demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
It almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
Ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .
Full Frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature .
Just send it to Cranky .
An even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .
The whole thing plays like a tired Tyco ad .
The film does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes Wilco a big deal .
No , I do n't know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing .
Halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
Unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .
Most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how Broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence .
Chelsea Walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
Every joke is repeated at least four times .
Every joke is repeated at least four times .
Every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?
Comes across as a fairly weak retooling .
The lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .
Its and pieces of The Hot Chick are so hilarious , and Schneider 's performance is so fine , it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess .
A sugar-coated Rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .
Romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .
They cheapen the overall effect .
Has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of General Hospital .
An acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism .
Not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans .
Watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when Carol Kane appears on the screen .
The scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .
More a gunfest than a Rock concert .
A muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations .
It 's not original enough .
Julie Davis is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .
Curiously , Super Troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
It plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .
All too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` Angels With Dirty Faces ' appeared in 1938 .
Although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
No one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but The Guys still feels counterproductive .
A very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .
Seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director Fisher Stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in Waking Life water colors .
Formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .
Everything that was right about Blade is wrong in its sequel .
The film was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) .
Disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
They presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .
Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare I say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .
Michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .
Enigma lacks it .
Potty-mouthed enough for PG-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as South Park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
A distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour .
In the end , Tuck Everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .
Plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .
Amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
Yes , Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling .
A characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .
Whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .
The screenplay , co-written by director Imogen Kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
The milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .
Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .
The laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .
lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .
Knockaround Guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up .
But they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .
Mattei so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , Love in the Time of Money .
For every articulate player , such as skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman , are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .
There 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .
An impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .
It 's unfortunate that Wallace , who wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
I 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .
Dreary tale of middle-class angst
For a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either .
( Jackson and Bledel ) seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .
Like Schindler 's List , The Grey Zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
It 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
Friday After Next is a lot more bluster than bite .
Ice Cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but Friday After Next spreads them pretty thin .
The characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .
Sweet Home Alabama certainly wo n't be remembered as one of ( Witherspoon 's ) better films .
hard as this may be to believe , Here on Earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film .
Even kids deserve better .
The pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie .
And Diesel is n't the actor to save it .
A bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder
Paul Bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 .
Showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .
All the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .
But first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
Been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .
Fans of Plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .
The kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
At once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .
The trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of Showgirls .
While the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how Sand developed a notorious reputation .
With all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... His Secret Life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
The problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up Shum 's good intentions .
What ` Blade Runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel .
Has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release .
With its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , All About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
Did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ?
Seriously , rent the Disney version .
Problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .
A loquacious and dreary piece of business .
What the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean .
Time of Favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
The only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .
As with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
If routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .
But Windtalkers does n't beat that one , either .
May puzzle his most ardent fans .
Starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .
We never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity .
Feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .
While you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet , you 're a Jet all the way , '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight . ''
... the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly , Scoob and Shag do n't eat enough during the film . '
TV skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .
( Johnnie To and Wai Ka Fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
If there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .
Any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap .
Its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , Steven Soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
Despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .
The characters never change .
If The Last Man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
Makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .
Boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .
It all starts to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
If you saw Benigni 's Pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear .
Shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .
In his role of observer of the scene , Lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
( T ) he ideas of Revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution
The film did n't convince me that Calvin Jr. 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side .
What happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?
Despite some comic sparks , Welcome to Collinwood never catches fire .
Director George Hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .
Shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .
Even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .
All the small moments and flashbacks do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .
( A ) stale retread of the '53 original .
One thing 's for sure -- if George Romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
It would n't matter so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .
The locale ... remains far more interesting than the story at hand .
Hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .
Aspires to the cracked lunacy of The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like The Adventures of Ford Fairlane .
Real-life strongman Ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .
Low comedy does n't come much lower .
Appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites .
One of the most depressing movie-going experiences I can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .
This is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .
An exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as Katzenberg 's The Prince of Egypt from 1998 .
The movie 's vision of a white American zealously spreading a Puritanical brand of Christianity to South Seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .
A fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .
... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
Like most of Jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .
One long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff Yuen has given us before .
Forgettable , if good-hearted , movie .
The film 's most improbable feat ?
The Chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .
It 's not too much of anything .
The great pity is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home .
An empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .
Instead of using George and Lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , Lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics .
Family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .
Grant is n't Cary and Bullock is n't Katherine .
Like a fish that 's lived too long , Austin Powers in Goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
Shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .
I 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - Arnold is not , nor will he be , back .
A Movie to Forget
Enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre .
It looks good , but it is essentially empty .
The film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
The idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run .
Van Wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .
It 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .
Do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?
The major problem with Windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .
The entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .
This film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .
Watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .
Starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker Yvan Attal quickly writes himself into a corner .
Some Like It Hot on the Hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
Witless and utterly pointless .
When ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
As a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
A sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .
With a `` Spy Kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?
Lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .
Statham employs an accent that I think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British .
Instead of trying to bust some blondes , ( Diggs ) should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
The leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .
( Toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material .
Adam Sandler 's 8 Crazy Nights is 75 wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
essentially `` Fatal Attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 .
... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...
The film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .
A singularly off-putting romantic comedy .
This is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
It all comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow .
In the spirit of the season , I assign one bright shining star to Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio -- but I guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
Check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on .
A culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .
... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes .
Its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .
Nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .
The jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .
( Tries ) to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the United States .
A beyond-lame satire , Teddy Bears ' Picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .
And people make fun of me for liking Showgirls .
Such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .
But it does n't leave you with much .
I 'm convinced I could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie : Like the exalted Michael Jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal .
There 's some outrageously creative action in The Transporter ... ( b ) ut by the time Frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .
From its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , Bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .
Yet another genre exercise , Gangster No. 1 is as generic as its title .
There 's an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down .
A lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles French , Japanese and Hollywood cultures .
Such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution .
This overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious .
An ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .
So much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
A disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate IMAX trip .
This Sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama .
He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .
The film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed Crudup out of pre-9 \/ 11 New York and onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind .
The film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .
A clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film ...
What we have here is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down .
A shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and Rocawear clothing .
To the filmmakers , Ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .
It 's as if Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .
Scotland , PA is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .
A movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between Highlander and Lolita .
Not only does LeBlanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
There 's little to recommend Snow Dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
Here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .
Maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make Trouble Every Day any better .
Presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .
The most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .
Make Chan 's action sequences boring .
You ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
The film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that Tornatore was right to cut .
The movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
Director Yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .
It 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and I think even fans of Sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting .
More busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
It 's makes a better travelogue than movie .
It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here .
It 's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation .
Its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .
The holiday message of the 37-minute Santa vs. the Snowman leaves a lot to be desired .
If you saw it on TV , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .
( T ) he script is n't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .
Yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
Starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .
Perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` Serving Sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff .
Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .
In the not-too-distant future , movies like Ghost Ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .
Right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
The movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie and watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
Like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... Circuit gets drawn into the party .
Piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .
Nicolas Cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .
It lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made ( Eyre 's ) first film something of a sleeper success .
A sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
Green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that .
The story is predictable , the jokes are typical Sandler fare , and the romance with Ryder is puzzling .
Resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project .
Pretend like your SAT scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .
Unlike Trey Parker , Sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .
A fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .
A sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .
Those 24-and-unders looking for their own Caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .
A distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze .
What begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .
Ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over .
It 's clear why Deuces Wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf .
The feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .
This slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .
The densest distillation of Roberts ' movies ever made .
A handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on PBS than a night out at an AMC .
A reworking of Die Hard and Cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either .
A film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .
But the problem with Wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .
It stars schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .
Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle .
Too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .
Cherry Orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '
A dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .
The movie is without intent .
While Hollywood Ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
If The Full Monty was a freshman fluke , Lucky Break is ( Cattaneo ) sophomore slump .
Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .
Allegiance to Chekhov , which director Michael Cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap .
The first mistake , I suspect , is casting Shatner as a legendary professor and Kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's Pauly Shore as the rocket scientist ?
The dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving .
Replacing John Carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage .
It has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names and references .
Despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
He seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .
I could have used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again .
Girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy .
The only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds .
No Such Thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .
Lurid and less than lucid work .
A wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a Mrs. Robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .
The connected stories of Breitbart and Hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in Invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .
Return to Never Land is much more P.C. than the original version ( no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance ) , but the excitement is missing .
While it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
Broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .
For something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash .
Despite its visual virtuosity , ` Naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
Slap her - she 's not funny !
`` One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ''
Um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ?
Its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy .
I suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD .
can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro rhetoric , which are included
It just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .
... most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned . ''
Kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) .
It reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it .
The problem with `` XXX '' is that its own action is n't very effective .
A great script brought down by lousy direction .
Big mistake .
A mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .
He does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash .
Perhaps even the SLC high command found writer-director Mitch Davis 's wall of kitsch hard going .
The romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .
Supposedly authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
Adroit but finally a trifle flat , Mad Love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , Jane Campion might have done , but at least it possesses some .
To Blandly Go Where We Went 8 Movies Ago ...
A slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .
This u-boat does n't have a captain .
With nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( Crane ) becomes more specimen than character -- and Auto Focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report .
I walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like .
Why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care .
As for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
Too bad writer-director Adam Rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets .
The movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .
But its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
Despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other Bullock and Grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .
What should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .
A bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for Universal Studios and its ancillary products . . .
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .
Do n't say you were n't warned .
Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other John Woo flick for that matter .
` Opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .
An ugly , revolting movie .
The film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-Oscar kind of way .
Watching `` Ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .
The skills of a calculus major at M.I.T. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy Who Is Cletis Tout ?
My advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .
Filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .
An unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .
Solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .
Deuces Wild treads heavily into Romeo and Juliet\/West Side Story territory , where it plainly has no business going .
Hart 's War seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character .
Theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
This latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone .
Novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
Been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called The Professional .
It dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .
The action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .
When ( Reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al. , Reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .
Such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but Kaufman and Gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go .
While this one gets off with a good natured warning , future Lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
Too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .
The ethos of the Chelsea Hotel may shape Hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own DV poetry with the Beat he hears in his soul .
The movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .
It does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .
All mood and no movie .
It just does n't have anything really interesting to say .
Once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .
Wait to see it then .
Death to Smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke .
Over and over again .
The film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .
The film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
It 's not an easy one to review .
At best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .
But it would be better to wait for the video .
The whole talking-animal thing is grisly .
But here 's a movie about it anyway .
The punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .
A determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .
Woody , what happened ?
You can tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell .
Throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : So why is this so boring ?
Cattaneo reworks the formula that made The Full Monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .
Behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense -- but Sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .
If nothing else , `` Rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
How do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?
On the evidence before us , the answer is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
More trifle than triumph .
Lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller Unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
It sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out .
Rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic .
Report card : Does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .
... if it had been only half-an-hour long or a TV special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags .
Bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .
Blood Work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period .
The movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .
It 's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .
Nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
Earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .
Ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel ( About Schmidt ) and an old Payne screenplay .
Even when Crush departs from the 4W formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash .
More likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .
This is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .
Whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , I ca n't say for sure : Memories of Rollerball have faded , and I skipped Country Bears .
( A ) boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
Not once in the rush to save the day did I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . '
The first question to ask about Bad Company is why Anthony Hopkins is in it .
Not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general .
It merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
Shame on writer\/director Vicente Aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull .
Violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .
Nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .
Remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?
Sadly , as Blood Work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
Blue Crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
If they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands I kept looking for the last exit from Brooklyn .
A sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like The Ghost and Mr. Chicken .
A small independent film suffering from a severe case of Hollywood-itis .
Where the film falters is in its tone .
The story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
Ultimately , Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
Certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either .
Although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
The result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .
Nothing but an episode of Smackdown !
It should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring .
This is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
The dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .
Never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .
It has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .
... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
The filmmakers are playing to the Big Boys in New York and L.A. To that end , they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .
The big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
Not just unlikable .
Disturbing .
The self-serious Equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows .
The only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies .
The trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .
Whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an unhappy situation all around .
An uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .
This is Sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .
This is as lax and limp a comedy as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .
The sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .
Has none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' , and feels more like Lyne 's stolid remake of `` Lolita '' .
A rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .
Talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .
The beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of ( Godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .
The movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten .
Charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past Love Story derisions .
The problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau .
... for all its social and political potential , State Property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't .
Little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .
This is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
The Master of Disguise falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on Saturday Night Live . '
Is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?
More successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
It 's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss .
The drama discloses almost nothing .
A minor-league soccer remake of The Longest Yard .
Belongs in the too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video\/DVD category , and this is why I have given it a one-star rating .
As earnest as a community-college advertisement , American Chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .
Even fans of Ismail Merchant 's work , I suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .
( Lin Chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating ( at least to this Western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
One of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies I 've ever seen .
Though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
Unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , Impostor is opening today at a theater near you .
Chen films the resolutely downbeat Smokers Only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book .
... a rather bland affair .
A boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad .
The filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .
It 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it .
I suspect that you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it .
We do n't even like their characters .
The movie does n't generate a lot of energy .
This feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
Spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .
It feels like very light Errol Morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .
Proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .
Did we really need a remake of `` Charade ? ''
Stealing Harvard ca n't even do that much .
The only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game .
You try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
I spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits
Entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .
The satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .
A feeble Tootsie knockoff .
An allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .
One key problem with these ardently Christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .
A relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty World War II action flick .
Too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
Leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .
The histrionic muse still eludes Madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch .
Nothing about them is attractive .
What they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .
It 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
Eight Legged Freaks falls flat as a spoof .
No matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a Michael Jackson sort of way .
` Dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
Throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , Windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material .
It 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .
Debut effort by `` Project Greenlight '' winner is sappy and amateurish .
The film , like Jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs .
Purports to be a Hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging .
Humor in I Spy is so anemic .
The film is strictly routine .
Barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .
We get the comedy we settle for .
The uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .
And neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .
Its appeal will probably limited to LDS Church members and undemanding armchair tourists .
The Hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .
Cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .
All three descriptions suit Evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .
True to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
Kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .
Queen of the Damned is too long with too little going on .
It collapses when Mr. Taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .
Any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
The Rules of Attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
Though there are many tense scenes in Trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .
The high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : There 's very little hustling on view .
This director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .
That 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` Dragonfly . ''
It 's a movie that ends with Truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud .
Director Tom Shadyac and star Kevin Costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
A film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
More intellectually scary than dramatically involving .
An inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .
The abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here .
As saccharine as it is disposable .
You come away thinking not only that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .
The metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery .
Too much power , not enough puff .
It 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .
For this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull Sorvino has no light touch , and Rodan is out of his league .
Narc is all menace and atmosphere .
Despite Juliet Stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
his ( Nelson 's ) screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .
It 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .
As it stands , Crocodile Hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 Godzilla , which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .
Enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid .
They crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .
American and European cinema has amassed a vast Holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than The Grey Zone .
Go back to sleep .
I did n't laugh .
I did n't smile .
In the book-on-tape market , the film of `` The Kid Stays in the Picture '' would be an abridged edition
A sour attempt at making a Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set .
Eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .
Taken as a whole , The Tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .
This is no `` Waterboy ! ''
Something has been lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
The result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .
The script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .
Absolutely not .
A prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .
This is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .
If only it were , well , funnier .
The script ?
A complete waste of time .
... Watching it was painful .
The cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .
Feral and uncomfortable .
A muted freak-out
Weird .
Almost peerlessly unsettling .
Everything is off .
One lousy movie .
Fluffy and disposible .
By-the-numbers yarn .
Aan opportunity wasted .
Storytelling feels slight .
Bad company .
A high-minded snoozer .
... the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .
Obvious .
Its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .
Decent but dull .
Well-meant but unoriginal .
Odd and weird .
... stale and uninspired .
Shrewd but pointless .
A non-mystery mystery .
A noble failure .
Woefully pretentious .
Stale , futile scenario .
Lacks depth .
Unwieldy contraption .
Overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .
Feeble comedy .
Shallow .
Disjointed parody .
... silly humbuggery ...
Two-bit potboiler .
Anemic , pretentious .
Grating and tedious .
( A ) mess .
Incoherence reigns .
Bland but harmless .
Tends to plod .
... a confusing drudgery .
A well-crafted letdown .
Less than fresh .
A reality-snubbing hodgepodge .
Fairly run-of-the-mill .
Meandering and confusing .
An opportunity missed .
Wishy-washy .
Inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .
Insufferably naive .
Ill-considered , unholy hokum .
( A ) slummer .
Flat , misguided comedy .
Predictably melodramatic .
No surprises .
In this case zero .
The action clichés just pile up .
Pascale Bailly 's rom-com provides Amélie 's Audrey Tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest .
has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .
I 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché
A mimetic approximation of better films like Contempt and 8 1\/2 .
Typical animé , with cheapo animation ( like Saturday morning TV in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and Japanese names .
The most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since Roland Joffé and Demi Moore 's The Scarlet Letter .
The characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility .
The Château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .
An overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy .
Without non-stop techno or the existential overtones of a Kieslowski morality tale , Maelström is just another Winter Sleepers .
With its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés .
Her film is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless .
Though Jones and Snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .
contrived pastiche of caper clich s .
A collage of clichés and a dim echo of allusions to other films .
Much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché .
Starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés .
Five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before .
An uninspired preachy and clichéd war film .
Gets the look and the period trappings right , but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés .
Plays like John Le Carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders .
After the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .
Rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations .
The movie 's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity .
sheridan seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its lan , humor , bile , and irony .
Ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly American abroad , and the too-frosty exterior Ms. Paltrow employs to authenticate her British persona is another liability .
Rather than real figures , Elling and Kjell Bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world .
